Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Happy 2014 to everyone. That sound you heard was contracts sending consumers weeping over their favorite games being delisted from various services. Could this be a sign of strained relationships to come in 2014? All this and more on tonight's episode of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. This is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 534 for this January the 5th of 2014.
My name is Rob Roberts here to talk with you about what's going on in video gaming with all of you guys participating be it live at the Voice of Geeks Network, live.vognetwork.com or via the podcast feed be it on iTunes podcast or Stitcher or TuneIn or YouTube or however you choose to listen to the show.
My name is Rob Roberts which I believe I already said but I have not said her name. She is the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
And since you deserve to have your name said twice too, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers?
Double fuck.
How does one, no let's not go there. Are you cursing out your iPad?
Yeah because of my auto correct that I still leave on because fuck it.
I've had a rather off day myself because I normally do my big Tumblr post everyday and I didn't until I got here.
I'm having a super off day today like and I'll tell you in a minute after I've introduced any but everybody but just like oh my gosh.
I went to the gym today though.
Yeah.
Which also set off my day because I normally go on Monday but I went today since I've got plans tomorrow because oh my god I'm employed. I only have two weeks of freedom.
Congrats.
Thank you.
And now we're just praying that you're not going to have to work Sundays because that's going to cause a real interesting monkey wrench for.
I'm gonna, it's one night I think I can, I'm pretty sure I can get that off.
Good.
I can get that night off with my eyes closed.
Vog is going to get real interesting if she doesn't get Sunday nights off but we're all crossing our fingers.
Anyway so yeah it's just been and I left the house because of sports ball. There's nothing that motivates me to leave the house and go to the gym like sports ball.
Now here's what.
I got back and it was still on.
Yeah sports ball goes on for a very long time.
But how crazy is the gym right now because you have everybody that's like oh my new year's resolution is to go to the gym every day.
Now I imagine there's a good percentage of already puttered out after two days or it's like fuck this and fuck that.
But you, you went today. How was it today?
It was really dead.
It was super dead.
Well I went at 1230 and I stayed until close to two.
No I left the house more around one and my workout only takes about an hour.
So I had no trouble. There were a few new faces but I think that the biggest crowds are the ones that come after work.
After work yeah.
And so until I know what my schedule is I'm keeping on my regular you know.
I'm usually either a Monday Wednesday or Monday Thursday.
Since it is a video game show have you been working in any of the exergaming stuff in your routine yet?
No and I'm meant to play DDR. I need to actually take down my, the other dance pads because I told you I've got a whole bunch of those thick ones.
What were the good ones called?
The metal pads.
Not the metal ones.
Oh the red octane or whatever?
Yeah.
I bought like.
I was thinking informer. That was a Canadian rapper song.
That was snow.
But that was a song, informer right?
Informer.
Ignition.
Ignition thank you.
There he is. Techmaster Loki here to save the day via Skype. You were just dying over there wanting to scream it out huh Loki?
I was gonna wait.
Well you didn't. That's fine. How you doing Loki?
That's why I said I was going to.
How are you doing Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing okay.
Good good.
And for those that missed the memo a couple weeks ago because I know we've had some folks that have been out of the habit of listening because of the holidays and everything. Loki is joining us via Skype for about a month or so. He is on baby watch because Mrs. Loki is due before the 20th so that could literally be any day now.
Yeah any day now.
Yep. So Loki is there just in case he has to.
And I bet she wishes it was five days ago.
Get the call. Yeah.
She's hoping by next Friday I think.
Okay. Is there like is there a particular reason is there like you know a sale on Monday or something or I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
No one knows.
I think it's mainly just so that you know she can get more time off I guess because then you know it'd be the weekend and that kind of thing.
See see there's a trick to it.
This this country is so screwed up because in other countries like there's paternal leave.
So we get like the least amount of maternity leave of practically anywhere in the world.
So stupid.
Yeah.
But thank you capitalism.
Well Loki don't expect to get paternity leave from this program because you heard what Dark Soccer said.
No I'm kidding.
You take all the time you need but I know you you'll be you'll be back here ASAP because you'll be like I need a break.
Yeah. Yeah.
All right.
Sounds good.
Also joining us here in studio say hello to the one and only voice of the show VX Jason X V X Y Z element of me.
That's me.
How are you doing.
I'm doing pretty all right.
How long do we get your deep baritone voice for here at our studio.
As long as you want me.
Well not seriously.
I was going back to Colorado at some point.
Yeah.
I have duct tape.
Well the running inside joke between me and Seattle has been that I've just been chill and just sleeping underneath the table.
So you know.
Well that works.
Arrangements could be made.
No I have my work obligations are wrapping up at the end of this month so we'll probably be driving for the first show of February.
OK.
I imagine.
There you go.
Current plan anyways.
I feel like we have to have like a goodbye.
Goodbye show.
Bye Jason for now.
In parentheses for now.
That all that that's sounding like it'll basically be happening.
So you know we'll see.
All right.
Well and for those that don't know Jason does commute like 90 minutes just to be here on the show Sunday night.
So he does a lot.
He doesn't do that.
He does the whole YouTube thing.
So I mean my God over the years Jason really got us set up with the Web site and everything like I know deep man did a lot of the coding in the setup but you did all the like making sure we have a place to host him and all of that and helping him out.
You guys have been working on that.
And although we are in due need for an update maybe that's that's a new year's resolution a little bit this year.
But yeah you've just done so much for the show and I don't think people realize because you're not always here.
Talking but the last few months we've been able to get you here talking.
That's good.
Now at least at least I'll have a 13 seconds of speech in shows continuing for the foreseeable future.
There you go.
Great.
Well plus 30 seconds for the outro.
So I will have I will have my standing minute on this show for for as long as I would as long as I can continue to do so.
Rama said that you're our answer to Barry White.
So I'm wondering how many children are going to be conceived to your voice.
I will take that as an incredibly flattering compliment and picking up on Twitter to let me know.
And that comment coming from live.vognetwork.com.
Maybe I should have Jason say that.
Live.
Yeah.
When I can say it straight.
So hot.
We do tape live Sunday nights 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern and you can join the festivities at live.vognetwork.com.
Well I'm fired.
I see that was the trick the whole time.
You guys brought Jason here because you want to replace me.
I see how it is.
You're looking at me because Loki I can't look at him.
He's on Skype.
You could be.
You told me to turn off the camera.
That's true.
I was worried about bandwidth and everything.
All right.
Anyhow.
Welcome.
Welcome back Jason.
And Jason's also helped helping me stay grounded tonight because OK.
So we're talking about this a little bit before the show that like I'm just a total like space cadet today.
And if you were to ask Alan my partner he would say that I'm already like the most forgetful guy anywhere.
And it's totally true.
But like today was just like especially bad like OK.
So we're sitting there for those that have never participated with the show live.
We always do a quick call at the end of Bobby Black Wolf show because he always is of course the show life before us here at Vogue Network.
And you know so after that calls done we usually sitting here in studio for about seven minutes while Bobby wraps things up does a transition song so we can take over the feed and do our thing.
So we're just kind of sitting here in studio la la la la la la.
And Jason kind of pipes him and goes Hey Rob are you are you going to call Loki.
I'm like shit.
So I like less than two minutes.
Yeah.
I get started.
Our song was already running.
Yeah.
And it's like we're missing the fourth.
Exactly.
Is he out tonight.
I forgot to fight.
I forgot to ask.
No.
And then.
And then after that he says is there anything else you need me to remind you to do.
And I just look at him and I go.
How do I put on pants.
And then the most hilarious part of all while the little the little thing and the podcast listeners don't usually hear this.
So I'm going to play this just for the podcast listeners.
Here's something for the live experience.
You're listening to the Vogue Network.
Up next the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Right.
So that's playing and while that is playing literally the opening theme song comes right after that song right while that song is playing.
I said oh shit I don't have my voice recording program up.
So I'm like launching quickly Adobe.
So yes Jason did need to remind me to do something else tonight.
It was a very good first five minutes of the show.
Meanwhile I was sitting here reading the chat room in Tumblr.
Yes.
I don't.
Well that's what you do every week.
Hey.
All right.
I participate.
Rageinator says.
Mostly.
I know why Sky's forgetful.
Dude it's called Alzheimer's.
At 35.
Ouch.
Like I know 35 is old to some people but let me tell you a couple things.
A.
It's not.
B.
Start eating your blueberries.
It's really not.
Eating more blueberries.
I could eat blueberries.
C.
Get off my lawn.
Actually I will say this when I was studying nutrition one of the research papers that I wrote was about how blueberries are good for improving memory capacity and preventing memory loss.
So just saying.
Excellent.
And I promise we'll get to games after this.
Act Def says Jason the assistant.
You know in some ways it's kind of true.
Like I would say he's the intern but he's you know obviously because we haven't had Drew in forever so he's basically fired.
So I could say Jason is kind of the intern or the assistant but the assistant is a good term because the assistant really does all the work and then everybody else takes credit for it.
So I think this is a very fitting title for Jason.
Because he's the administrator.
He is.
He could ruin us real good if you wanted to.
I could ruin us too.
I have the power that I will hopefully never exercise.
Bring it down.
What?
I was going to say though that I owe Drew because Drew helped me get my job.
Yes.
So thank you.
So Drew is still working with us.
Yeah.
Kind of.
Keeping me in money.
Just don't let him knock over any tables at your work.
All right.
Thankfully they're rooted to the ground.
Good.
OK.
So I have a couple of bonus games.
I have a couple of things I want to talk about at the top of the show.
Two mini kickoff topics tonight.
And one of them tying into we brought up Bobby a minute ago and on his show tonight they were having what I was calling a wank fest.
And I mean that in the most loving way.
But not too much love.
About the Oculus Rift.
They were talking about the Oculus Rift a lot and you know I've tried the Rift.
I played that at Dragon Con.
I thought it was awesome.
I thought it was good in like 15 minute chunks because I started to get a little.
I'm old remember.
So yeah I liked it in small doses or whatever.
But that got us to a conversation here in studio where we were talking about peripherals.
And Jason said you brought up a game that you were talking about the Rift or something and we were talking about how this game was awesome in arcades.
What game were we talking about?
Prop Cycle.
Who remembers Prop Cycle in the arcade?
Hands in the air.
I worked an Amco arcade when it was new.
For the listeners that may not know Prop Cycle, Dark Soccer, what is Prop Cycle?
It's something annoying.
It's a giant exercise bike hooked up to a huge monitor.
And basically you pedal it and steer around trying to pop balloons and do tricks and go through holes and try not to burn your legs off.
And some people hook them up to Addams Family pinball tables.
Oh yeah that's true. I've heard about that.
The reason why I bring that up is because arcades have sort of been sunsetting a little bit.
As we know them anyway.
Arcades are more turning into Reno for little kids.
And I say Reno because it's a little more busted than Vegas.
So these arcades are turning into busted little places for kids to gamble their money away and get tickets.
Does that mean they're ReNets?
They're little ReNets.
That's what they are.
The biggest little quarter munchers in the world.
But with this, obviously you have all these ticket spitting games and so forth.
But we're starting to see these games that were very unique experiences in the arcade slowly go away.
Or when they do have arcade games, it's all I see.
It's either driving games for an excellent example like Mario Kart where you actually sit in the freaking cabinet.
But I'm thinking back and I'm going like, you know what?
No child is ever going to get to experience, unless they go to a retro gaming event or a convention center.
No child is ever going to get to experience playing Star Wars in one of those freaking cabinets that move to the left and right as you sat in it.
Oh.
Now there I go being old again.
But seriously, for those that haven't experienced it, you poor bastards.
You're really missing out.
Like being old rules for no other reason than getting to play the Star Wars motion cabinet.
There were more. Remember the Space Harrier cabs in the After Burner?
The After Burner would go completely upside down, wouldn't it?
Uh, no I don't think so.
Almost.
And then Star Blade.
Which we had a deluxe Star Blade at the Dollar Theater and the guy would just be like, oh it's you.
Infinite credits.
So, Mike, Jason go ahead.
I was going to say there are different classes of cabinets of course.
There's just the standard stand up, there's sit down and then there's, I don't think I've ever been in a moving Star Wars cab before.
But I've definitely been in a sit down, non-motion version.
But I remember seeing that After Burner cabinet.
There's Daytona USA for example.
You get a little, the range of machines is anywhere from a bucket seat to a damn near full sized car that you get into and jolt around as you run into things and people run into you.
And that still happens.
Gameworks in Arizona has really, really nice Initial D 5 machines when I was there and Time Crisis keeps getting bigger and then smaller to save money and then bigger when the new game comes out.
I think I agree that the flashy, huge level of it is dying down in terms of how much you'll see it.
Just in general, you go in an arcade you've never been before.
And just to be clear, that is my question in all of this, so if you guys over at the chat room want to answer this, live.vognetwork.com.
Is the day of the giant pompous what the fuck peripheral done?
I think the day of innovation in the arcade is done.
Heck no it's not done. That's the whole reason they have certain games in the arcade.
For example, Tetris with a giant fucking controller.
That is pretty cool. Like even me, again I'm 35 and when I saw that big Tetris machine in the arcade I was like, ooh shiny!
And I ran over to it and fed it all my money to play with that giant joystick because it was, you know, kind of funny.
That is freaking annoying.
It is a little bit. But it's a ticket spitter at the end of the day. You get tickets depending on how well you do.
As is Super Monkey Ball, as is, well, Fruit Ninja isn't.
There's Doodle Jump.
Yeah, Doodle Jump, Infinity Blade, Fruit Ninja, Rerave pretty soon if not already in certain arcades, yeah.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com just to catch up on some comments from the live participants.
Tigerclaw says, which Star Wars? The one from Atari in the 80s or the Star Wars trilogy arcade?
Now that you mention it, they were both pretty cool because the trilogy one had that giant lightsaber battle with Darth Vader, right?
But I was talking about the old school 80s ones.
The vector.
Yeah, the vector games.
Let's see, and some folks talking about the Power Glove because it's like peripherals on a smaller scale.
Not all of them work.
Think about it, this show exists because of one of those pompous peripherals in the arcade that got people moving, right?
Dance Dance Revolution, that's how Dark Soccer, myself, and Loki all met.
And met you too, Jason. It was all through DDR.
I still remember the day that we actually really, really hung out was the day that we took the trip to Milpitas.
And played Para Para.
Which was also Pompa's peripheral.
Orange Wright says, didn't F-Zero's AX cabinet move too? Yes it did, that's one of my all-time favorites.
Let's see, also, SJ100Matt talking about a big convention from this weekend that I know a lot of my friends back east went to.
SJ100Matt says, I went to MAGFest this weekend and there were a ton of people who brought their kids to the show and had them play a bunch of the classic games there.
For example, I saw a dad play classic Oregon Trail on an old Apple II with his six to nine year old kid.
I later saw that same family playing classic Gauntlet together.
That happens at an Atari party though.
Well there's little things like that everywhere.
And Penny Arcade Expo, that's one of my favorite places, is the classic game room.
Yeah.
I was gonna make the point that playing it after the fact is not as strong as when it is the culture of what you're doing when you're growing up.
But then again, I have missed a ton of games and gone back to play them to really understand what was going on.
Not to mention, whenever I talk to friends that have been computer geeks their whole life, they'll talk about their VX Spectrum and their Trash80 and their Apple IIe, Apple IIg, Commodore 64 and the whole lot.
I don't even remember what my computer was, my first computer, but it was an IBM PC running DOS.
I have quite literally never owned a computer that was not a classic Macintosh or an IBM PC DOS slash Windows.
I knew a friend with a Commodore 64 and I took in a fair amount of knowledge and got used to the sound and the feel and how you actually use that machine.
But all of these other systems, I never owned a console before on SNES, but I still know a pretty damn good amount of games from back then.
Reasonably so.
So will six year old kids today not understand an Apple IIe?
Of course they will.
How they adapt it depends on how they want to play it.
Let me steer us back on path a little bit because we're veering from the original topic here with good reason.
The six year old certainly can still experience the Apple IIe and all that.
We had a story last week about how Archive.org is bringing back old games and we all know what emulators are and all that.
Even so, those old machines are going to exist and so forth.
Steering us back to where we were, that experience of sitting in a moving Star Wars cabinet while playing Star Wars.
There might be a couple of those machines still in existence, but it's not something a lot of people are ever going to get to play.
I do know of one afterburner that was in working condition that was at Scandia.
I don't know if it's still there, but it was there a year and a half ago, which was the last time I went.
It's not every arcade. You're talking about one arcade happens to have this machine.
It's not nearly as prolific as it once was.
Now, Loki, let me go back to you a minute because you were saying that yes, we still have the pompous peripherals, but they too have shifted to ticket spinning.
Well, yeah, some of them. There's a lot of games, especially I think in arcades now, that's all you see is the big flashy games.
It's either going to be a driving cabinet for a game or it's going to be a game with some elaborate weapon attached to it.
Or a Dance Dance Revolution machine. It's got to be something flashy to get your attention because you're not going to play just a regular game in the arcade.
And little kids love flashing lights. Boy, do they ever.
Oh yeah.
So I don't know. For me, I kind of see it transitioning. I do see a lot of the ticket spitter, but it really bums me out to think like when I talk about Prop Cycle, there's going to be a lot of people that just don't know what that really is.
Or the snowboarding games, the skateboarding games, Alpine Racer.
Yeah, those games are fun. Or even like the old skeet shooting games where you had the giant gun. No arcade is going to have a gun in it like that anymore.
Unless it's the Cabela's hunting redneck game.
Or it's the thing you put 50 cents in at Disneyland.
I don't know. Some people make really bad decisions when it comes to their arcade stuff. Remember, Scandia in Sacramento here, they replaced all their skee-ball machines with a giant fucking shooting gallery thing.
It's still there.
Is it really?
Yes it is.
How funny.
It's silly.
It's strange.
Alright. So anyhow, if you have some thoughts on this, you can always email us. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
I want to move into our second kick-off topic. This one will be really quick. This is more of a follow-up of sorts, but I wanted to come clean on the show because I'm sure some folks are going to have something to say about this.
But I did something over the weekend, and because of this something I did, there's going to be a PlayStation 4 showing up on my porch on Tuesday from Amazon Prime.
So I finally took the plunge and bought a PlayStation 4.
And I posted this on Twitter because I was, I don't know what I was talking about. Something else nice was like, oh yeah, I bought a PlayStation 4.
One of the first replies I got was, of course you get sassy replies. Everybody likes to be sassy on Twitter.
And one of the first replies I got was from Flaco Jones, who said, oh, Rob must have really wanted to play Don't Starve because the system is only as good as the games that are on it, and Don't Starve is coming out for PlayStation Plus in January.
So, you know, going back to the OLR golden rule, that must be what finally broke Rob.
Clearly that's not the case since I bought that for you on Steam.
Exactly. It's like, no, I already have that on Steam.
But no, well, it's a couple things.
A, when the PlayStation 4 first, first came out, I didn't quite have the finances that I did after, you know, now that we're past, you know, the holidays and everything like that.
I had better finances, so I was able to finally get one.
And also, I think what pushed me over the edge, obviously, I would like to play Resogun and some of this other stuff that's on the download.
Like, you know, I'd like to at least try Contrast, and, you know, even though I already have Don't Starve on PC, I'll probably play it on console, too, because I tend to do that.
But then also, I still want to really play Need for Speed, and a friend's able to get me a sweet deal on Assassin's Creed 4, so I'm like, all right, I'll try to play those games, too.
And the other thing that's weighing on my mind, I'm going to get judged for this, but the Final Fantasy XIV beta test starts next month, so I have to be ready for it.
So that's what finally pushed me over the edge and I got my PlayStation 4.
Now I got to find one of those stinking cameras. The cameras are totally, like, nowhere.
Best Buy.
Really?
Order it on Amazon.
Nope, nope, it's not on Amazon.
Sold out through their partners for $120.
GameStop Online.
Maybe. I'm going to have to dig around a little more to find it, but yeah.
So I got my PlayStation 4.
So I will have more to say on that next Sunday when I actually get it all set.
Steph is judging you.
Is he?
I'm kind of judging you a little bit.
Why are you judging me?
Because I judge you all the time.
I'm getting mine after I'm working.
I can bring a controller and we can actually play two player games.
I'm getting mine after I start working, so.
Yeah, there you go.
And Loki will probably get one as well.
Oh, come on.
Everybody in chat's like, slash me is judging, judging.
Shut up.
A dark Tetsuya, where's our eye of judgment?
Breakman in chat.
I got drunk and bought songs on iTunes.
Sky gets drunk and buys a PlayStation 4.
He's way more hardcore than me.
I was surfically pober, ossifer.
And all I did was buy a technologically fancy deadbolt.
You know what the second sassy tweet I got?
So I got Flaco Jones tweet was the first sassy tweet.
You want to know what the second sassy tweet was?
One of us. One of us.
No, I got plenty of that.
No, the second, I think one of my friends who works for Sony actually tweeted that one.
One of us.
No, the second tweet I got was from the first mate Slidekick over at gamebuoy.org
who just replied with hashtag Team Xbox One.
And I'm like, just fuck.
Don't start that shit with me.
Do not start that fucking war with me right now.
I'll get an Xbox One as well, but probably over the holidays.
I'm not buying them the same month. It's too expensive.
But the holidays, I'll have enough saved up.
We're probably not getting an Xbone if we do until much, much later.
Yeah, I'm like, but then there'll be that new Halo or something.
I don't know what games you guys are really into, but there'll be something that you're going to be like, I need it.
Well, I think our opinion now is just we don't give a fuck.
Mm hmm.
Sort of. I mean, we're sort of like, what are we doing?
How much stuff do we have on Steam?
And we have new computers.
Is that a weird place to be, though, because you guys were such collectors before?
I mean, your vault and everything.
I think that we've really turned our hearts back towards our classics.
You know, and we love all the new stuff, but I mean, there's hardly anything now that comes out on the console
that we can't find either the same game or something as good on PC.
And, you know, we just sunk 900 bucks into both of our computers,
which granted, it would have been a lot more if we need to do graphics cards,
but our graphics cards are already great.
And now I'm playing everything without a hiccup.
I didn't even think about wanting to go back in the other room and, you know,
out of my warm computer room and into the cold, cold, cold living room.
See, for me, it's kind of the opposite.
Like, I like to get away from the computer in the office once in a while
and, you know, sit on the couch and watch.
Well, because I turned up the heat for all our friends coming over.
But, you know, I like to plop on the couch and enjoy a game once in a while, you know?
Well, you know, I don't really like usually if I'm gonna leave the room,
like I'll take my DS in the front room and was that me or you?
I think it was you.
No, mine's on mute.
But I sorry, it's iPhone time, everybody.
But I'll take my DS into the front room while Dan's doing something
or, you know, I like to sit in there and crochet,
but I haven't really had too much of an urge to sit down and play anything on the console.
The last controller I picked up was an Xbox controller to play Skullgirls.
And I'm probably gonna be starting Rekt here, but other than that.
All right, well, I will be enjoying my PlayStation 4
and I'll tell you more about it next week after I have it and all.
But for now, let's talk about what we have been into this week in a segment we call
How Was Your Gaming Week? What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Dark Sakura.
Well, I played Skullgirls.
I'm playing Final Fantasy XIV again, just trying to get on there a little bit more active.
I'm gonna do that stupid quest that I hate.
And I'm stuck in a dungeon.
So I'm also playing Mass Effect 3 again because I had to fix Becky Shepard.
That's usually... Becky will give me her Xbox save.
I go in, you know, modify it and give it the right color hair
because the red, the default red hair in that game sucks.
So I fix it.
And then Locopogo asked me who I maimed in Skullgirls.
And I used, oh God, what's her name? Who's the Princess Lady?
Well, by saying Princess Lady, hopefully that closes the chat.
She's cool.
I've not played it, so...
And I'm about to, I actually tried to start Rekt here last night,
but I didn't get very far.
And, oh, what else was it?
Because I bought something and now for the life of me, I cannot remember.
Parasoul, by the way. Parasoul is who I was trying to remember.
And Dan, and Queen Semia just reminded me too.
And Dan and I are supposed to be starting back on...
Borderlands 2 again.
I don't know why I can't remember the names of stuff today.
Good, it's not just me.
Well, no, I told you I've been like this all day.
I've just been kind of, maybe more coffee. Rob coffee.
You really want more coffee? I can make that happen.
Actually, yes.
No, you don't have to...
Same one, please. It was good.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, Rob.
And I actually, and then for New Year's actually, we did not do our rock band thing.
We actually had Epic Cards Against Humanity.
With the holiday cards thrown in that had the...
I got a whole set of cards that all of the responses on them were about semen.
And those came up in three people's hands.
I think everybody's New Year was Cards Against Humanity, just judging from Facebook.
And that's what I did too.
And Trivolo.
Literally, yeah, it was Cards Against Humanity and alcohol.
I think that's like how 90% of America reigned in the New Year.
Because that's exactly where I went, what happened.
I made coffee vodka and chocolate vodka.
We literally did nothing but that game for three hours.
And then by the time it was like, you know, and it was like, oh shit, it's 1158.
Turn on the TV, put on the thing.
And don't forget Animal Crossing.
I crossed those animals, they are quite cross.
And Zelda and Pokemon.
I'm playing Pokemon X instead of dance playing Y.
And I'm still playing some Zelda.
Gender appropriate.
Well, but I wanted the...
The whole reason I'm playing X is not because of any of the legendaries or anything.
I want the damn Houndoom.
I don't care, I want the evil dog.
I want Houndoom.
I don't know these Pokemans anymore.
I need to play. I've been meaning to pick it up.
It's a dark dog. He looks like an angry Doberman.
I love it.
Thank you for the coffee, Rob.
I gotta go dress it up now, so it's Loki's turn.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Land Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, brand.
So yes, this week I played...
I don't know what I really played other than one game in particular.
Okay, so as I had promised on the show before that I was like, okay, okay, let's set that Minecraft server up finally.
So I went to check because our friend Gally had actually allowed us access to his server.
But apparently his server's gone.
So I was like, well crap, you know, how much is it gonna cost to actually run a server now?
And thankfully I found it for a very cheap amount.
It lessened my Netflix subscriptions.
So I went ahead and bought a server or rented a server and imported our map back in there.
So our Minecraft server's up and running again.
Yay, thank you, Loki.
And that's what I was doing this week, was setting that up and messing around with that.
And I even messed with some new plugins and stuff and had an NPC builder that I spawned last night.
And he built Normandy for Dark Sakura.
Yay!
It's gigantic.
It's fucking huge.
You reposted all the information again right on the forums?
Yeah, it's on the forums.
Everything's been updated, how to log back in there and stuff.
And you just may need to redownload your client if you haven't played in a long time.
Because they have a new client now that updates within itself instead of having to redownload it each time.
And so if you haven't gotten that new one yet, you have to redownload that.
That's what I had to do.
On top of that, my old copy's gone anyway because I upgraded my computer and didn't copy over my Minecraft because I knew I could redownload it.
The new Minecraft has streaming integration too, which is pretty cool.
That's pretty cool.
The last thing I remembered is that someone put a huge N7 in front of my underground bunker.
I think that's huge.
Wait until you see what they fucking did to your house.
I'm gonna move into the Normandy.
I lit it up on the inside. Yes, you can very well move into the Normandy.
It's very possible.
I don't follow Mass Effect that well, so it's the Normandy 2, I guess.
Isn't there a map that they can access online that shows them where all the landmarks are?
Yes, there's also a link to that.
I don't have the landmarks marked yet because everything's brand new again, but you can track people on the map.
I do that a lot, even at work, and I'll talk to people while they're doing stuff.
Now, it is a whitelist server, so it causes people some aggravation because you have to wait a bit to get access to it.
But if you just go to our forums at vognetwork.com and let Loki know in the official Minecraft thread that you want access to the server, he'll grant it for you.
You have to agree not to be a dick and ruin people's things.
Don't ruin people's things, but that doesn't mean people haven't decided to still do weird shit.
I'll just say real quick, when I logged back in, and sorry to get into my week a little bit, but I played Minecraft for the first time in a long time.
I was like, okay, first things first, I should probably finish this stupid house.
So I finished my house, and then I made a mistake.
I was digging underneath my house because I think I wanted to write my name in clay or something.
And as I was digging, I was like, wait, what the hell, there's more brick under here. I didn't put any brick in here.
Somebody built a copy of my house directly underneath my house.
That's great.
So I was like, what the fuck? And then I guess it turns out, I think it was Hitstun that did it.
I might be misblaming somebody, but I think he took responsibility.
So Hitstun said what he was hoping to do is to rig my front door so that when I go in, I would be transported to the copy of my house and be like, what the hell's going on?
So that's about the limit of fucking with people that you can do in the server and not get in trouble, which I actually thought was pretty funny.
But you know what? I showed him, I said, fine, I'm going to turn this into my basement sex dungeon.
So I've built...
So that's where the dungeons have come from.
Yes.
Complete with stripper pole?
I'm very limited by Minecraft's resources. In fact, it's not much of a sex dungeon.
Just build a fence straight up. There you go, stripper pole.
Yeah, all I can really do is just have a really big bed so far.
But that is the plan is that the house that Hitstun built for me, I will make my sex dungeon. I'll show you.
Well, I need to, as I said in chat room, I need to have dead fish in my Normandy.
There better be an aquarium with dead fish in it. I'm just saying.
All right. So anyway, sorry, Loki. I didn't mean to derail your segment, but go ahead.
No, that's it. And so I actually, I chopped down the size of our map and stuff because there's a lot of extra space.
So they'd regenerate some new terrain and I got to say that new terrain is really fucking boring.
So I don't know what, you know, unfortunately they changed the way that like their algorithm or whatever on how like stuff spawns and like how terrain is generated.
There's some interesting stuff, but man, like I was originally going to, I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to get our map imported in there.
So I was like, okay, well I'll just see what our map looks like now with the same seed and stuff. And man, it was fucking terrible.
It was just like swamps everywhere. Just swamps for as far as you can see.
Nice.
But yeah, it's, it's, it's working now and you know, there's horses and stuff and actually I may go through there and take up the monsters.
Cause right now I just have it as a, you know, we still can do creative, but I have monsters walking around and stuff just for the hell of it.
They kind of annoy me.
Well I like seeing the random Slenderman showing up in my basement, you know. It's cool.
I thought at one point, maybe you can't do this financially or whatever, that's fine. But I thought at one point we were going to have like a creative server and a survival server.
Or is that, that's, I thought you could like...
We can still do that. But I just, I don't know. There's not a lot of people playing right now. I just stick it on creative for now.
What I'm going to do is build stuff into it like the mob arena and that way we have things to do.
Okay, that works. That works. So if we get the participation there, then maybe we'll look at doing that. But for now it's just the creative mode.
But I've been having a lot of fun with creative mode. I didn't think I would, but I've been having a lot of fun with it. So it works.
Anyway, okay, so to piggyback on the rest of the Minecraft story, I have also played a ton of Minecraft this week.
And Robert M. in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com says,
I don't know what house the sky is. I saw Loki's throne room, the Zero Mega Man stuff, and the dungeon.
I was at least aware enough not to lock myself in a cell.
Here's the deal. Okay, so originally my first house was like right in the center of the map.
And people...
You notice a giant snowman next to it.
People really were fucking with me in that house. So I got really mad and I was like, fuck this, I'm packing my shit and leaving.
So I bulldozed that house and I went really far south on the map, which at the time was really far south on the map, although it's not that far.
So if you go south, you'll see a brick house eventually and that's mine.
But you can also tell now one thing I did this week is I did that very cliche Minecraft thing where I built 8-bit sprites into Minecraft.
So I now live on Black Mage Beach. So I live on top of this giant cliff that I...
And I had to clear out a huge mountain to get it. I live on top of this giant cliff and on the back side of the cliff is a giant 8-bit Black Mage sprite.
And what I did, because I had to do some tricky things with the water so that the whole thing wouldn't get...
Because stupid me was like, oh shit, the cliff's not big enough to build the entire sprite.
So I had to kind of... So it's now Black Mage Beach. So I put all sand down there and that's where I live now is Black Mage Beach.
So come say hi, but stop fucking with my house or I'm gonna move somewhere where you won't find me. That's for sure.
Alright.
Oh, we'll find you.
Yeah, I know, right. They'll build another nether portal right at my front door. When did this show up?
Well, hey, that's part of the network system we have to go around to each other's houses.
No, it is very cool. Like, somebody spent a lot of time to make that so I don't want to sound ungrateful.
It's just I'm always like, damn, like...
Yeah, I think that was also Hitstun. He's been doing a lot of stuff.
Well, props for you, Hitstun, even if you were trying to mess with me. Alright.
For the record, the other thing that I did see was Minecraft on an Android tablet.
And promptly saw Julian lining up about ten blocks of TNT and blowing stuff up.
So I learned that you can blow stuff up on the...
Yes you can. Yes you can.
Okay, so other games I've played this week. I did play an extraordinary amount of Final Fantasy XIV, as I usually do.
I finished the 2.1 patch story.
And what I'm going to say might be a little bit spoilery, so plug your ears for 30 seconds.
If you don't want to hear this, okay, so I'm going to say something that is borderline spoilery.
So just... I don't think it really is. Okay, plug your ears.
I'm convinced more than ever that we're going to find out that this game is an Ivalice Alliance game.
And that's going to come out probably in the first expansion.
There's just... there's too damn many clues that tie into...
And there's a big one at the end of the 2.1 patch that ties into Final Fantasy Tactics.
And I'm like, this is a freaking Ivalice game. That's what the first expansion is going to be.
I bet. I'm putting my money on it. So we'll see.
But I think that's really exciting. It's super cool if that's the case.
Well timed. 30 seconds just now.
Alright, awesome. Okay, then I'll shut up and talk about something else.
How about I'll talk about another game that takes like 30 seconds to play.
Okay, I'm going to talk about Divekick.
In Divekick, you do two things.
You dive and you kick.
There is literally two buttons for Divekick. I'm sure a lot of you have seen this.
So Extfer and I played a little bit of this.
Brad from Pod Culture was kind enough to buy me the game when it was on the Steam sale and what have you.
So thank you very much. He picked that up for me so we could screw around with that.
And so Extfer and I were playing that the other night.
Unfortunately we were suffering a little bit of a lag.
Like it was really kind of laggy online.
Now to be fair, I was video streaming.
Probably not the best thing for ping time.
But I was a little bit like, ah, this is kind of a bummer to play online.
But when it worked, it was kind of silly fun.
I think I described it on the stream as this.
This is the type of game that is great for like conventions or anytime you get 20 people drunk in a room together.
And you just want to play this.
Because obviously there's not a lot to it.
It's not like Ultra, Street Fighter, 4, Turbo.
Your barrier to entry is literally three buttons.
One button, two button, both buttons.
Oh yeah, yeah. One button, two button, both buttons.
You're right. So there's that.
So I'm like, oh no, Jason. There's only two buttons.
And you set them at the very beginning of the game.
And yeah, even to move backwards.
If you hit the kick button without hitting dive first, then your character will hop backwards.
And if you want to move forward, you have to just dive, kick, dive.
And then you hit both buttons to do special moves and all this stuff.
Yeah, it's silly, but it's fun.
Some of the characters are a little crazy.
But I guess that's part of the charm of the game.
And yeah, I had fun when it was just like the normal...
Instead of Ken and Ryu, you have dive and kick.
And so those were the best matches where it was just dive versus kick.
So we had fun with that.
Yeah, the abilities and the movement differences of some of the characters.
Whatever the psych ward, patient, dragon thing guy is controls.
Yeah, one of them teleports.
Really weird.
One of them turns invisible when he dives.
And that's good and bad.
It's good because you're invisible, but it's bad because he's invisible for everybody.
Locopoco said in chat, you know they played a dive kick tournament at EVO.
Oh, I'm sure they did. I think this is a huge thing now.
I think that's when it debuted.
Maybe. Possibly. Not sure.
Alright, so anyway, that was dive kick. I had fun with that.
One other game I played this week that I'll talk about now is a game I think I talked about about a year ago.
And last week was our best of show.
And I completely neglected to name this game, even though I remembered to say something on Hoard House.
But probably because Hoard House is a show about online games.
But silly me, really should have put this game in my honorable mentions or even in the number 5 slot on last week's OLR.
Because I think I actually did name it number 5 on Hoard House, but you know, minds can change.
But for seriously, this is one of the best games that came out last year.
Path of Exile I played quite a bit of this past week.
I hadn't played it in a while and just randomly was like, oh I should see what's going on here because you know it's on Steam and so on.
So I loaded it up. And they're having like a contest right now. By the way, Path of Exile, free to play.
And it's like one of the best. Oh, you just loaded up the picture of your Normandy, didn't you?
Stop derailing me, Darcyra.
Oh god, it's awesome.
Path of Exile, probably one of the best free to play things that's out on PC right now because it doesn't try to nickel and dime you to progress.
You can do the whole story without paying for it. All the paying stuff is cosmetic.
Although, if you want to do like guilds and get a bigger bank, they do try to charge you for that stuff.
But I think it's very reasonable. You get a lot for nothing in this game.
So I think if you like roguelikes or Diablo clones at all, you should try Path of Exile.
You really have nothing to lose. And it's fun.
Well, you just said two magic words.
Roguelike? Well, think...
Considering all my nominations.
Jason, what is Diablo at its core?
Well, I mean, Diablo...
It's a roguelike.
Good point. It has its, you know, 3D advantages, but it's very much a dungeon crawl, which is all those games are.
And that's exactly what Path of Exile is, too.
With an insane, fucking insane talent tree that reminds me of the Final Fantasy X game board where you just could move anywhere. It was crazy.
The crystal... chrysanthe... I don't remember.
Crystalarium or something, yeah.
That sounds right.
But anyway, so yeah, Path of Exile, great. Oh, so what I did this week, they have these regular tournaments.
So right now, they're having like a one-week tournament to just, you know, get as much experience as you can on this character in one week.
But the game's on hardcore mode. And there's these other features, too, that I don't fully understand because I haven't played the game in a while.
But something called Nemesis, which I don't know if that makes the enemy stronger or what, and something where the shrines can affect you or the enemy.
But for me, I'm just like, it's hardcore. Meaning if you die, you die. Game over and you're done.
So far, my character's still alive and she's level 11. So for somebody who hasn't played in like a year and didn't really play that much to begin with, I'm very happy with my progress.
So I'm gonna see how far I get on that. So yeah. Love the soundtrack in Path of Exile as well.
Tech2030 in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, not everything is a roguelike.
Correct, not everything is a roguelike. Mass Effect is not a roguelike. Final Fantasy is not a roguelike.
No. No, but I do like roguelikes.
Honestly enough, though, you know what game I've kind of had this urge to play is Venture. I want to hook up my Colecovision.
That is old school. Is Minecraft a roguelike? I guess not.
It's a sandbox.
Yeah, it's more of a sandbox. Okay, anyhow, let's, okay, that's enough about my gaming week. Oh, Jason, I don't want to miss you, though. Jason, how was your gaming week?
My last week was incredibly lazy. I know I opened up a couple common things and played, like, literally less than five to ten minutes of, and just stopped. I don't know why.
That's okay, because the news in gaming is the same way this week.
Easy week, catching up on sleep more than anything else, and a couple of legitimate days of work, but that's it. Last week was terribly unexciting.
All right, fair enough, fair enough. All right, excuse me, let's get into some housekeeping real quick. I always plug the Twitter and the Facebook here, so twitter.com slash o-l-r and facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, and we're also on Google+.
If you'd like to prove to us that people are still using Google+, google.com slash plus orange lounge radio, all one word.
Also, we're at youtube.com slash orange lounge radio, where Jason will post the orange lounge radio enhanced edition, I don't know what else to call it, so it's the orange lounge radio enhanced edition, typically about a week after the show airs, and, you know, the first week was just nothing but the show on YouTube, but now you really have been enhancing it, so Jason, tell us a little bit about, because you just posted last Sunday's show today, it's great.
I finally got it up with upload and everything else like that, it was literally like 1230 in the morning, local Pacific time of course, but I want to start being able to actually feature some of this stuff visually, so the fortune cookie message of the week, podcast listeners trying to see if there's something else we're gonna do, but the show always ends with a fortune cookie message of the week that Jamie comes up with, and so I throw the video in in the outro, because it's just a way of sending you
something fun to depart the show with.
Yeah, it was always, and the reason why that was instituted in the first was just because the podcast listeners were like, I have no idea what this man is talking about, it's something we do live only because it's so weird to say, okay, well, we're gonna just hit disconnect now and dump all our listeners, so we always kind of just end with a little, like a song or something, she does a lot of stand up comedians and things like that, so.
Last week was Brental Floss, Super Mario 3D World with Lyrics, Christmas Week was Night Santa, no no, Christmas at Ground Zero, Weirdo Yankovic, and plenty of other fun random stuff to go with, but last week I put the visual representation of Listless in the video, when we were talking Mighty No. 9, Call's designs, as one of us referenced individual one, put that on top.
YouTube doesn't allow you to link to anything, so a creative solution is gonna have to happen for figuring out how to give appropriate attribution to a lot of these articles and whatnot now.
I would also like to extend a very special thank you to Dungeon Buster and ActDeft for giving me chapter timestamps for episode 532 and 533, so if you go to youtube.com slash orange on radio, expand the description and then you can hop straight to a chapter just by clicking the little timestamp in the description.
That part's awesome.
Wonderful, incredibly helpful, that's what I wanted to do from the get go, and it's time consuming as all hell, so thank you so much both of you for doing that.
That's great, thank you guys for doing that, and yeah that's awesome, because if you're just like, oh I want to hear that Listless from last week again, because I just remember Alan's answers were so bad, because they were so mean, you could just go back to the Listless.
You could just say that because he's not here.
Well, and I know he's listening and making a stank face at me right now as I say that, but no, for real, you can go click on the number there and it will actually take you right to that section, that's really cool, so thank you Jason, thank you to your helpers, Dungeon Buster and ActDeft who all made that happen, that's great.
Very cool.
I'd like to thank our team of AV Techs.
I know right, we have a whole team now, Team OLR, it's great.
But I would not like to thank Jesus.
Stop, stop Kathy Griffin.
Alright, anyhow, so that's it for housekeeping, yes?
Sounds like it.
Alright, then I think we are finally ready to start the news. Loki!
Sorry, it's fighting the cat off of me.
Oh that's okay, I was like, uh oh, Loki's AV Tech.
Kitty!
Yeah, she was trying to be in my face and stuff.
That's what cats do.
Anyways, so this is I guess why we can't have good things, and that would be people exploiting stuff in the name of cheating.
And this happened with, I guess, NES Remix.
They had a time attack contest that was going on, and apparently people figured out, hey we can exploit this by pausing and unpausing.
You know, the slow-mo and the original NES.
Apparently the gameplay would start before the timer would start.
And so doing that, you'd be able to finish a certain level or something with a very low time that wouldn't exactly be accurate.
So because of that, they said, in the interest of being as fair as possible, we decided to terminate the event without recognizing the fastest time.
We sincerely apologize for this matter, and particularly because the vast majority of people played fairly.
That's too bad.
Way to go, bad apples ruining it for everybody.
But at the same time, I mean, here's the thing that gets me.
These games are supposed to go through this long quality process, which maybe NES Remix was a little more rushed.
I kind of think it was.
So maybe it didn't go through some of that, but I always think the pause-unpause trick was huge on the NES.
So nobody thought to try that.
I mean, granted, maybe not so much in the games that are included.
Like, pause-unpause was more like Gunsmoke was synonymous with that.
That was the infamous game for that.
So maybe they didn't think to try it in the games that they included.
But I was just kind of like, I was just surprised that.
I mean, yes, I want to blame the bad apples, and they do take the blame.
But you also kind of have to go, really?
It's not like they hacked it.
They just found a problem that you guys didn't find yourself that really anybody could use to get their times better.
Yeah, that's the really interesting part about this, is that it's not malicious, technically.
There is no falsifying information.
This is a legitimate quirk of the game that people took advantage of.
That's fucking amazing!
We don't have awesome games in the show world, do we?
I don't think so.
Quick shout-out to Awesome Games Done Quick that was taking charity for cancer?
Yeah, for cancer research that was taking place over the course of today.
And these people...
I think it's more than just today.
It was yesterday and going on and on, yeah.
And these people, they don't break a game in a malicious sense.
They know the game inside and out to actually take advantage of these little personality quirks
and put it towards making the game doing better at the game than other people could with straight-up skill.
That's a thousand times different because those publishers are not currently running a contest for speedruns.
But even like speedruns, though, a lot of times people exploit glitches to go faster through games.
If it's in the game and they're not actually hacking, I don't see a problem with it.
There's not a problem with that.
But the whole start, stop, start, stop, start, stop thing, that's a problem.
Because NES Remix is not programmed to really recognize that the way it should, which is a fault of the game's design.
But then it's also a fault. That's why it's called an exploit.
Because they're exploiting that bug.
There are certainly numerous interpretations of the word exploit.
I understand that it makes the contest difficult.
If you were to actually see people perform this live and one person's screen is just flickering uncontrollably
because they're taking advantage of stuff, yeah, that sucks to watch.
But that's not what's going on here.
These people found something to make them better at this game.
It's the frickin' DDR bar argument all over again.
Look at our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Tech2030 says, Nintendo Lately, some people are bad, so we're taking everything away from you.
Oh, isn't that the truth? Hello, Swapnote.
I mean, obviously, a point I'm gonna make.
King of Kong, this harkens back to a time where games didn't phone home and they couldn't just have the results come back automatically
and be sorted, tallied, everything else.
But the fucking world record for Donkey Kong was 100% horseshit to begin with.
And that's why... fuck me, I'm gonna forget his name. I already forgot his name.
Not Weebie, what was other dude's name?
Other Donkey Kong world record holder.
Barbecue.
Oh, Mitchell. Billy Mitchell.
He, knowing what he knew of the game, his lawyer buddy, he knew that the score that was put forward in the world record was terrible.
So he sat down and blew it out of the water.
Thus begun the great Twin Galaxies.
And the King of Kong.
And now there's Hank Chen too, let's not forget.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm on it.
But my point being is that, you know, the fact that this can be done and verified via mechanism in the game really sucks for the contest
because to put the time into figuring out this stuff, it shows how dedicated to the game these people are.
And if there is no mal-intent, if there is no malicious, like, deliberate changing, it just sucks that people wouldn't be, you know,
that they wouldn't be recognized for being able to pull this off instead of just, oh, you didn't play the game the way we wanted you to play it, so everybody loses.
Eh, kinda sucks.
Yeah, but a pause-unpause thing isn't really a part of the game itself.
Like, it's kinda one thing, like, again, to talk about the awesome games done quickly when people exploit Mario Land.
Exploit Mario levels. It gives them no advantage that is not already immediately present to them.
Right.
So what's wrong with it?
I, when you're screwing with the timer when it's about time, I just, I don't know, it's totally different to me because, again, you have a current contest going on
and somebody's bending the rules using a feature not everybody knows about, whereas, you know, obviously people don't know the fastest way to beat a game.
That's what this competition is about.
Yeah, but if you were to, okay, let's say you're to watch, let's say you watch a speed run-through of NES Remix and it's just the dude pause-un-pausing, pause-un-pausing.
Are you gonna be really impressed by that? Or are you gonna be like, no, this guy's just pause-un-pausing to get his time left, that's cheap.
And that was the very first point that I made, is that it does not make for good watching, but that's not what happened here.
I agree with that point, 100%, absolutely.
Whereas the awesome games done quickly is great watching, because, like, people actually look at that and go, well, A, it's for charity, I'm not gonna knock a charity event,
B, a lot of people watch it and go, oh, sweet, I never knew I could do that in Mario, I'm gonna try that myself.
So, the first answer is that they curate the best-looking, you know, the games that come together well that are the most attractive to watch.
That said, I watched something from summer last year, possibly even 2012, where somebody speed-run-ed, speed-ran, speed-ran Super Meat Boy,
and one of the tactics with Flywheel, Fly, the little line character that, uh, I'd never played his horse game,
one of the tactics was to use up your double jump, pause-un-pause, and then get a third jump.
Just once, not repeatedly, but it was a quirk of the game's engine that even blew away Team Meat that were on the phone at the time that it happened.
And, uh, I believe it was Edmund, you could just hear him, he's just like, what?
So, it doesn't make for good watching, it's legitimate, it's not malicious.
Possibly. That is something else that we can have in this day and age.
That's that.
Yeah, but Nintendo understands patches, I mean, come on, this is online, we're talking about here, I mean.
Alright, any final word on this, Loki? This situation?
It's just disappointing that, you know, it got exploited like it did, especially for a contest.
Alright, well, moving on, talking about something a little different,
one of the games that came out right before the end of the year, over in Japan anyway, is Lightning Returns Final Fantasy XIII,
or as others have called it, Final Fantasy XIII-3.
The game is not out here in the States yet, but it will be out in February, question mark, I think it's the end of February when we get it.
Well, the game's out in Japan, and of course there's a lot of DLC, and I don't know if you guys have seen the DLC,
some of it is really ridiculous, like a lot of it is outfits for Lightning, and it's the type of shit she would never wear,
but whatever, it prints money, so they have it out there, like you can get like a moogle dress and stuff too.
Good lord.
One of the things, and I'm sure Dark Sakura's gonna choke on this, you can actually dress her up as Aerith from Final Fantasy VII.
Can I stab her?
With flowers.
With the flowers and everything.
I'll stab her with the flowers. I can do that.
And no, you cannot play as Sephiroth, I'm sorry Dark Sakura.
Well the only way to get this in Japan is to purchase the V-Jump strategy guide that Square Enix bundled the DLC with,
but actually that didn't happen that way, in theory that's what it was supposed to happen, it was supposed to be exclusive DLC,
but oops, it didn't work that way, because what happened is that the DLC was accidentally pushed out to the marketplace with everything else that came out,
such as the Final Fantasy VII DLC for Cloud was supposed to be there, being able to dress up like Yuna from Final Fantasy X was out there too,
another one of Jamie's favorite characters, you can actually dress the character up, that DLC was supposed to be there,
but Square was actually in breach of contract by putting the Aerith DLC out there.
Somebody's gonna lose a lot of money. Way more than what they're gonna make on this DLC.
The DLC was yanked on December 20th, an apology tweet went out saying, sorry we had to pull this because the strategy guide,
and they had to apologize to the makers of the strategy guide too.
They did note that Cloud and Yuna would return, because I guess they pulled everything, and then Cloud and Yuna outfits returned,
but they did not say anything about the Aerith costume, so yikes.
But you know at the same time mistakes happen, like I can think of games have accidentally been set for free,
like didn't that happen with Fable III at one point, I mean I know they gave that away eventually for the games for gold thing,
but at one point didn't they give away all of Fable III online accidentally for free?
Yeah I believe so.
It was two or three, one of them, they gave it away online, you know these things happen,
Steam Sale, Don't Starve, and Borderlands 2 both had the wrong price at one point, people were getting them dirt cheap.
Yeah I may have done that.
Yeah exactly, so you know these types of things happen, but it does kind of, I mean when it's the game being priced that way,
I kind of look at it and go okay that really sucks for the makers of that game,
because that's kind of essentially money out of their pockets or whatever.
With this when I look at it and it's DLC, like especially cosmetic, silly DLC, which is what this is,
it's a little harder for me to go, oh this poor strategy guide company, I'm just like this is stupid.
Why are we giving strategy guide companies exclusive DLC, I mean I guess that's to sell strategy guides,
but I know they did that with like Saints Row, and it was terrible DLC,
like the one for Saints Row IV is just some gun skins, that's it.
It's really just more of an incentive for people who like to collect all this stuff,
and you know to buy the strategy guide, I mean really that's the incentive.
And I mean I have a friend that works for one of the strategy guide companies,
and he's like yeah they pay all this money to get these exclusives and to get these type of things to go out.
I guess the hardcore fans of the game, I mean you know a Final Fantasy VII Aerith costume,
you know Jamie might not be Aerith's biggest fan, but there's a lot of people that would want to grab that,
but it's just a costume.
Hey well since you know that Square Enix is basically running Eidos now,
maybe we can get an Aerith skin for Tomb Raider, like the original one, so she can keep throwing her off a cliff.
One can only hope, I guess.
Be careful what you wish for, because there is that Tomb Raider, I forget the name of it,
the PlayStation 4 version, which by the way is another reason I bought the PS4, because I want to get that.
Legendary Ultimate?
Whatever. She's got new hair addition.
Definitive edition.
Thank you. I'm gonna call it the Tomb Raider, she got new hair addition.
She got her hairs did.
She got her hair done edition, and maybe, be careful what you wish for, there might be some of that DLC or something,
that would be so silly, but I love the idea of Dark Sakura getting Aerith DLC for that game for Tomb Raider,
just so she can keep killing her in mysterious ways.
You know that I still have my very first memory card with my save file at the Jenova fight,
because first of all, the Jenova fight is freaking awesome, and second, I get to see the bitch die.
I cheer every time, it just makes my heart warm.
So how about some other news?
Dave Roberts, who is the CEO of PopCap, is retiring on the 8th,
and the one replacing him is John Vecchi, who's basically going to be taking over.
And as we know, PopCap is a division of EA now.
So yeah, he's also leaving around the same time as Jason Kapalka, and they're like, bye, we're done.
I mean, I'm sure they've earned their retirement, yeah.
But if I worked for EA, I'd want to retire too.
You still have to, and that's the whole thing, you still have to wonder, because this is a very odd trend we see,
is that, didn't the same thing happen with BioWare? Those guys left, right?
Now we see the PopCap guys left, it's just-
What if they started their own company called BioCap?
Plus, I mean-
PopWare?
What has PopCap been doing? I mean, I remember they used to crank out the game-
Plants vs Zombies 2.
Yeah, I know, I know, there's Plants vs Zombies 2, there's the Garden Warfare, and then there's Pagle 2, right?
But that was kind of all they did this past year?
Licensed all of the Bejeweled offshoots on various platforms.
Yeah, I mean, you could even play, for a while you could play Bejeweled and Pagle on WoW.
I missed their website.
And the Plants vs Zombies level in WoW, that was fun too.
I realize the website's still there, but it's probably not the same.
I haven't checked- admittedly, I haven't checked it out in a while.
But I used to like to go to PopCap.com and just play all their little free games that were in the Flash,
because they had some funny stuff in there.
There's a lot of games that people don't really talk about, like Big Money was one of them,
and sometimes they'd have these little gem games in there, but I don't know if that's just kind of not what they're about anymore.
I don't know, I stopped playing Bejeweled because of Doctor Who.
Were those games continuing to be made and published even after they were under EA?
Oh, I'm sure if it'll make money it does. Yeah, the iPhone store has a lot of those games.
No, I mean on their website specifically, little freebies like that.
Did those continue to be produced and come out after EA?
I'm gonna be honest, I haven't looked, but they're probably all Facebook games if nothing else.
That's probably what it is.
They need to be able to track it and prove that it's worthy.
They can't rely on feeling and intuition, it has to have metrics.
I rely on feeling and intuition. All the time.
Previously the Freebie Flash games were just essentially demos.
They were episode 1 demos of, for $15.95 you can get the full version that has extra puzzle levels and full...
They did the Peggle thing on Steam, the Peggle Extreme, that was basically just crossover with Valve games.
The Portal level was really fun.
And they had the Warcraft plug-in one too, it was awesome.
That's what I talked about earlier, because I used to just sit waiting for the pug or whatever,
because I was always DPS, and play Peggle for an hour until I finally got picked up.
Alright, well I think we should probably go over to Loki's story, right Loki?
Yes, speaking of people leaving, Criterion, the two co-founders of that studio have now left to form yet another studio.
And Criterion may remember them for the wonderful, awesome racing games Burnout, and some of the more recent Need for Speed games.
But yes, so now they are going to form a brand new company, and I don't know what they're naming it yet.
Maybe they're going to join the PopCap guys! That'd be pretty cool.
But yeah, they're saying, you know, news breaks along with Fiona Sperry at I Have Left Criterion Games, welcome to the real future.
Whatever that means.
But I guess they're going to form their own company or something.
The futures!
Well, there you go. We'll just add that to the list.
So it's going to be Criterie Popware?
Crit Pop.
You never know.
Let's see, okay, so here's the thing, I went to PopCap.com just because I was curious, and the first thing you see is kind of like an ad for all the stuff on iPhone, and then you go to more games, and it shows you more games.
Bookworm Adventures!
Yeah, like, you know, in San Aquarium, that game was the shit. I love that game. They even have like an arcade version of that, right?
Okay, but you can learn more PC download, and then all the way at the bottom, online games, little tiny link that leads you to online games, and I think, yes, this is where you can play.
Okay, then it's like here's the featured games, and then you can all get, so four clicks later, finally.
And they still have their most popular games on top.
Do I just hit learn more and I can play in San Aquarium?
Download free.
Okay, but it's not playing the browser like it used to be.
No.
So they've definitely changed the site a little bit. That's too bad.
Because EA likes to fuck it all up.
Certain personalities just don't, you know, you reach a point where, you reach a point where your company changes, you either turn into EA or you join them, and then you get to the point where you want to start all over again, because in a big corporation, you're limited in what you can do.
Well, also I think kind of, you know, the direction that EA's going with a lot of their games is definitely focused on monetization, and maybe that's not necessarily something that these guys want to, you know, deal with.
Perhaps.
I understand that the point of a corporation is to make money, but what happens to, you know, the only reason I think that we have such a big indie community now is, first of all, the technology is easier to come across, and second of all, that we have more people who are willing to make games that people will like, just for the love of it.
You know, and I think that a lot of people are being driven more towards the indie game scene rather than going for these big, you know, publications.
Fair enough.
All right, well, I think we're going to shift gears here a little bit with our next story, right, Jason?
Yeah, so, as perhaps a small little addition to us reporting last week about various network services, online services, having outages during the holidays, which was due in large part to an influx of gamers, but there was another interesting story that happened in the last couple of days, that a Twitch and YouTube streamer by the name of PhantomLord caused a humongous stir,
wound up apparently making the record for the most-watched livestream on Twitch at any single time.
The numbers were up over 140,000 consecutive people, something along these lines, and basically what it boils down to is that he's a League of Legends player, League of Legends, Dota, invariably various other games that was touched on in the incident,
but basically what happened, and this is his livelihood, this is how he makes money, so livestream, ads, monetization, Twitch subscriptions, he was doing what he normally does and starts playing Dota.
When I first read this article, basically the gist of what happened was that, whether by monetization or some other reason, he started becoming the target of an attack by DDoS griefers, essentially, apparently this is being attributed largely to a collective known as Derp.
And the way that I heard the story when this happened last week is that PhantomLord was going about his routine, playing Dota, playing League of Legends, playing Dota, playing whatever else he wanted to, and this collective, indeterminate number of people was watching what he was playing, watching what he was streaming, and would target that game, that network, bring it down.
So much so that it happened with a game, so it'll happen to the big individuals, League of Legends, Dota 2 again, but also affect smaller, something I'd never even heard of before, Disney, for crying out loud, Disney's Club Penguin, that's what it was, I knew I had to bring it up, I've never heard of this before.
I only know because they sell the little shit things in the Disney stores.
They are shit.
And I love penguins.
It's just like a little social network, like Second Lifestyles social network.
It's a Facebook game for kids. It's Disney.
But that was brought down too.
So the culmination of this result was that PhantomLord's stream went, he changed it to a static image instead of webcam based, and basically just disappeared for, until the stream wound up being taken down, and the claim was that a police raid happened on his house.
He was the target of a police raid, as a hoax, meaning that individuals called the local police for him, his address got leaked out on the internet, and then people phoned in a hostage situation to police, and then, you know, damn near SWAT team, but just the serious guns of police came to his house, put him in handcuffs, they stopped short of arresting him because there was nothing going on,
but the claim was that his house was searched, he was in handcuffs, placed in the back of a squad car, you know, being interviewed by individuals, rifles, guns drawn, pointed at him, you know, the works.
That was a couple days ago, and I watched, he, PhantomLord posted an hour long explanation of the day's events, apparently there's been like 30, 40 pizzas that have showed up at his house, and you know, the normal nonsense that happens whenever a high value target appears.
Which, by the way, this whole act of swatting or whatever is illegal in California now, and it was a huge thing because people were doing it to like Tom Cruise and Miley Cyrus and all the Hollywood people, right, so I don't know where this particular individual is, but if that had been in California, where the guy lives, that would have been illegal to call, or actually, if the, if the phone-er was in California, that person could go to jail for that, I mean, that's, that's how serious it is, and it needs to be.
Let's, I mean, let's be real, that, just, people should not fuck around with things like that, like it's, it's one thing to take down an online service, which I also don't agree with, because you're ruining the fun for everybody else, or what have you, you know, if you have a squabble, you work it out intellectually, or whatever, you have a discussion, a debate, you know, you don't, this is just going to bad places, but calling the cops on somebody is, that's especially, that could like screw somebody's life up, you know?
That's not okay.
Especially, too, you know, like, there's this picture that's just posted in chat, I mean, there's some scared-looking people there on top of that, too, you're also decreasing manpower from legitimate crimes going on.
Yes, yes, that's, that's, that's one of the awful things, too, so, I mean, the punishment needs to be swift and severe for this type of fuckery, so, anyway.
Just to expand, the colloquial term, if somebody was swatted, or swatting someone, means that you phone in a hoax to the police, and get a swat-level response enacted on an individual, an individual home address, just an individual's, that you know their location, their whereabouts.
I, so, I watched the video an hour long, I read this article, it turned, as it turns out, this, this was likely not a blatant, like, I don't, I don't think that this whole attack was fabricated just for money, but it wound up working out in Phantom Lord's favor, because, as reported by various outlets,
Phantom Lord agreed, he was having a private conversation with the individual or individuals that are the collective derp, and he said that, if my team starts losing, you can start taking down, you can take down the server so that we don't get a registered loss.
They start, they start out the, they start out the round, the Phantom Lord's team is doing okay, they start losing, the attack begins.
My understanding, my assumption is that derp just said, oh, we can take him down, let's continue to do that, you know, raising the ante, so not only do they take down the one game he's playing, but they continue to do so across multiple networks.
The controversy that's happening is that Phantom Lord, because of the influx of users, he enabled subscriber-only mode in chat, which means if you are going to chat with him on Twitch, you have to pay $5 to do it.
And he raked in six figures, and, like, another five figures of monetization on YouTube with ads.
So the whole thing could have just been an elaborate hoax to make fleece money?
I don't think it was a pre-precept- what's the right word here?
Premeditated?
I do not believe it was premeditated, and I, there's a lot of fault to go around, people are even blaming Twitch for not taking down a stream as soon as the influx was just affecting five or six networks outright.
It does bring up an interesting point, at what point does Twitch need to be like, this stream is not about gaming at this point, and pull the plug, because in some regards, I think that is an element to blame.
The argument is that how could Twitch possibly watch as much live content as on their network, but they can certainly pay attention to the most important, because that's where this scale of attack tends to happen.
If this is the largest stream that's ever happened on Twitch, somebody saw it.
Yes. And apparently he also broke rules that he continued to show ads on the entirety of the stream, even to subscribers that aren't supposed to get it.
So there are a number of legalities that are happening here as well.
But it was- swatting is not a new thing, it's not a gaming thing, I've heard it happen to pundits and other prominent tech individuals at least a year or so now is when I first kind of heard of it.
But it's not a fucking joke either, and that's something to emphasize.
When police come to your house, it's never a joke.
Well no, and I'm talking like the person, the coward making the call, it's not a fucking joke for them to be doing it either, because just like Jamie said a minute ago, you're taking them away from real issues, and the person making that call is going to get in a lot of trouble.
Because, you know, if I were the guy, I'd sue him.
But, you know.
America!
It's the internet equivalent of a bomb threat, and we've all been high school and have dealt with those numerous times for sure.
But it's not a joke.
Yeah, it is not, by all means.
There's the I'm older than you, because for me it was pulling the fire alarm. Somebody would always pull the fire alarm.
Oh, we had those too. My high school, the first week of school, what's the short version of the story?
There was a bomb threat at one o'clock in the afternoon, we didn't leave the school grounds until five.
You know what they started doing though is that they built paint sprayers into those things so that when you pulled the thing it would spray you with paint and they would know who pulled it.
Like die exploding money bags that are persistent for a fair amount of time to find the culprit.
Yep.
Alright. Well.
Fun.
I know, right? Let's shift the topic a little bit and talk about some upcoming games.
I am so excited about Cuphead.
Oh my god, this is great. Cuphead is a run and gun video game that's being done by Studio MDHR that is, it's sort of set like a one on one fighting game, but with different levels as you progress through it.
And there's definitely some kind of a, well I guess it is a run and gun element, but it made me think a lot of Mega Man 2 with just how the main character is going.
The big thing about this though is the aesthetics to the game. It's based off of the old 1930's cartoons.
So it even seems to have this degree of older film grain on it. And the characters look like they are straight out of early Disney and early Mary Melodies.
You know, free World War 2 era cartoons.
One of the movies in the Bioshock Infinite viewer things that you can look at.
But I mean, even the Captain Silver thing sort of makes me think of the early Betty Boop and Popeye that I used to watch.
But it's really neat and I hope that the music in the trailers is some of the music that's definitely in the game because I really like just the overall feel that it gives.
I'm super excited by this. I'm probably more excited about this than just about anything coming out.
Also, the other character if you play in co-op is called Mugman. So you have Cuphead and Mugman.
It's so adorable. It's super adorbs. And it's supposed to be out on PC first, then Mac and Linux, and then consoles.
I want this game.
Yeah, it looks really cool. I want to check this out too. I just love the visual aesthetic behind it. What a great idea for a game.
It's so cute. I just want a shirt with Cupman on it. Or I want like a cup hat.
Locopoco in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Skullgirls had a character named Peacock that had the same aesthetic.
Peacock is kind of creepy looking. And honestly, I think a lot of Skullgirls, I would want to put more in the 40s and up sort of that noir period.
Because the music is some of that same type of jazz big band style. And definitely the scenery harkens back to some of the film noir.
I don't know that it's related to Skullgirls. The styles are completely different.
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games that are coming out very soon.
Although I have a feeling this week is pretty dry, but we'll check in anyway with Loki with the US.
Well, if you don't own a Wii Fit balance board, now you can.
As part of the Wii Fit U disc versions that are coming out, they have one that's just the disc game and the balance board.
And one that is, I believe, just the game and the pedometer.
Well, the one with the balance board of course has the pedometer in it as well.
So if you don't want to download it digitally, you can pick it up this way.
And technically not a game, but some more Disney Infinity figures are coming out this week.
Wreck-It Ralph, Vanellope, and Rapunzel.
Well, those are all good characters. That's cool.
Wreck-It Ralph doesn't have their own stage or anything though, right?
No, they've kind of gotten lazy with some of these. They don't have any more playsets coming out.
So all they have is just these toy box characters.
And even they're going to have these toy box sets coming out later on.
But it's basically just the two characters and then a background and a skin for the toy box mode.
It's kind of, I don't know.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, well is that it for the US?
That's it.
We're heading to Japan where there is one game out this week.
We don't really get back into a regular release schedule until next week.
But there is one game out this week on January 11th.
And if you're act-deaf, you'll care about this game.
Because on the Nintendo 3DS, Hoshi no Kirby Triple Deluxe comes out this week in Japan.
Yes, that is the Kirby 3DS game.
Makes its way to Japan this week.
That's the only release on the 11th.
So it's a bummer the 3DS isn't region free or act-deaf could import that.
But you'll just have to wait.
Unless you happen to have a Japanese 3DS.
Then check that out.
Time to import.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
Only one game on the 9th.
And that's Metal Gear Solid Rising for PC.
So, no.
Alright.
Alright, just a few more stories before you guys.
Before we get to the classic game of the week.
Loki.
So Fallout, and this is kind of ironic.
Fallout 2 and Fallout Tactics have been removed from good old games or GOG.com.
This is basically in regards to the expiration of Interplay's franchise rights as of the 1st of this year.
And because of this, now I believe Bethesda is going to be the new owner of that.
I actually have this from GOG because they were giving it away.
I was going to say it was a giveaway at one point, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was free.
Now we know why they gave it away.
They knew it was coming.
So they gave it away.
And this of course is also going to lead into Bethesda trying to get these games onto Steam.
Which I'm sure they're going to be able to do that.
Not sure when though, but they're going to probably have it up at some point.
So the games are going to end up on Steam?
I think so, yeah.
They basically said no.
They'll have a look at other options once they've taken care of the Steam portion.
But they may have it on other services as well.
Well, especially if the rumors are true that we're getting a new Fallout this year.
And that's going to be a big E3 reveal from Bethesda.
There's a new Fallout game.
It was in Listless, it must be true.
Well, I just think logically Elder Scrolls was the last game.
So the Fallout will go back to that series unless they're going to do something new.
Not to mention they finally own it and have full control of it.
Yeah, that's true.
So it would make sense to have the old games out there available for people to catch up.
Well, one thing you won't be able to catch up on are some other games that got removed from Steam.
Usually we wouldn't talk about every game that gets delisted from a service.
But A, it's a slow news week.
B, the caliber of what we're talking about here is pretty big.
Activision actually removed some Marvel licensed games from various digital storefronts.
Obviously Steam being the most notable.
Including Deadpool, which has only been out for six months.
But it has now been delisted from Steam, which is interesting because it came just a day or two after the game had been on sale as part of the holiday sale.
So that was very interesting.
Other games removed Spider-Man games, including Edge of Time, Shattered Dimensions, Friend or Foe.
X-Men games, Destiny, Origins, Wolverine, and the official game.
Apparently don't know the real reason why these games were delisted from Steam, Xbox Live, and PlayStation Network.
But the Amazing Spider-Man still there on all the storefronts.
And Activision still has the rights to do the Amazing Spider-Man 2.
No reason was given by community manager Dan Amrich, who actually confirmed the removal of the games.
Didn't talk about why.
Some people are thinking it has to do with the whole Disney-Marvel deal going on there.
That something's going to happen there.
The expiration of the licensing agreement between the two companies.
Being cited is probably what happened.
Disney is going to move towards self-producing and publishing their own games for these franchises in the coming years.
I don't think that they are.
Actually, I think that at least it was with Star Wars that they were only going to franchise this stuff.
I don't think that they're developing anything in-house.
I'm trying to remember back to those stories.
I seem to think that, well, think of it this way too.
They're probably going to sell it to a lower bidder.
You know what I mean?
Or a higher bidder?
Yeah, sorry, a higher bidder.
They're going to make the most money possible is what I'm saying.
Well, yeah.
That wasn't with Activision.
Maybe a studio that Disney maybe has a stake in would be a better thought.
Or maybe it's kind of for the better because a lot of these games at Activision, especially their licensed games, are kind of shit.
So it's probably a good thing that they kind of try to wipe these out of the digital marketplaces as best they can.
Get some fresher games in there that might not be so terrible.
Alright, let's see what comes.
This E3 is going to be a big one to see what types of announcements.
Because if there's a new Star Wars game coming, we'll see it by 2015 because you're going to have the movie coming out and they've got to get it out by then.
Anyway, let's travel back in time to a time when games were a little more simple.
It's the classic game of the week.
Back when Star Wars were vector games.
Take it or leave it.
You took it.
Back when you had regular panty shots in video games.
What?
That's what this game is all about.
Oh, that's what I'm like.
Dark Sakura, you're going a little crazy today.
Alright, it is the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, what is this week's classic game of the week, which apparently involves panty shots?
Wonder Momo.
So, again, I'm going through my list of Namco games that have characters involved in Namco High.
Amazonia from this is included in Namco High.
So, this game only came out in Japan.
I have actually played it though.
It came out in 1987 and it was a beat-em-up arcade game.
It's supposed to be kind of the parody of the Ultraman type games.
Basically, you play as a girl named Momo who is, you know, instead of actually playing her as a superhero in the world,
she's on a stage like she's performing for people.
And she's at the Namco Theater.
And so she's an actress who's playing the role of Momo or Wonder Momo.
And it has a digitized voice in it.
And it's basically just a fun little, you know, beat-em-up.
It came out, like I said, in 1987.
It also came out on PC Engine in 1989.
And on the Wii Virtual Console, both the arcade version and the PC Engine version came out in 2007.
And 2009 was the arcade one.
So, going back though to the gameplay itself, she can only kick.
And then she builds up her Wonder Meter and then has a cyclone animation.
And then can attack with the Wonder Hoop, which she can use as long as she's Wonder Momo.
But when she throws the hoop, she has to wait for it to bounce back to her sort of Captain America-like.
And then she has, you know, energy beams and, you know, kind of the Ultraman thing.
And then she has an attack called the Wonder Typhoon that's a big energy wave.
It also has some fan service. When she jumps, you can see her underwear.
And she has to dodge a photographer in the audience who's trying to get a peek up her skirt.
And if he gets a peek up from her skirt, she's stunned. Or embarrassed.
So, and then, of course, one of the images that's on the curtain at the beginning of the game is Momo wearing a towel.
So, like I said, there have, there were other versions. There was a PC Engine version, which is actually the first version that I played.
And I have played an arcade version too.
It came out, the Virtual Console version came out on, sorry, the PC Engine version came out on Virtual Console in 2007.
And like I said, the arcade one followed in 2009.
And this...
What the? She just did like the splits or something. It was very awkward.
When she jumps, right?
What the hell is this game? No, she did something on the ground.
Oh yeah.
I think it was when she got hit.
That's her turning into Wonder Momo.
There we go.
It's a very strange game.
Well, it is a weird game. The other thing too is that there, she's had other appearances.
She was in Namco Cross Capcom, partnered with Bravo Man.
She was on a card in Batten Kaitos.
She was in Tales of the Abyss as a doll.
And thank you for posting the picture in chat.
The picture in chat is the PC Engine version.
She is on a float in Marvel Land and her Wonder costume is in Tales of the World Radiant Mythology 2 and in the Idolmaster.
There's actually an album done by a J-Pop singer named Haruko Momoi who did a Wonder Momo new recording basically based off of Wonder Momo.
There's also a gachapon figure of Momo that you can find for the Namco Girls collection.
And her final appearance, if you're not counting...
Well, I mean, of the character Wonder Momo herself is in Queensgate Spiral Chaos.
However, another character, like I said, is in...
Her rival is in Namco High, which is Amazonia.
Alright, there it is. I'm just entranced by watching this gameplay.
She just kicked a velociraptor in the face in the video.
The other thing too is that more of this actually went into sort of a bit of a post-Namco apocrypha from Shifty Look who does an online webship called Wonder Momo Battle Idol that brings back basically Momoko who gets the Wonder Momo power and that's where Amazonia came from.
It is so weird to see this 80s, 90s anime manga style just because...
Like, I don't watch too terribly much, but all the old classic series that everybody knows from TV that actually made it to America or showed up in video stores.
And then just the change of what it's been ever since 2008 forward.
Playing these old games, it hits you real hard. It's a very definitive style and seeing it again is always fun.
You know, I still have to go in and play some of those really quirky games from the late 80s or the mid to late 80s.
Like, God, I just had it in my head. Psycho Soldier, which I've done as a classic game before.
I don't think it's an anime, but Blue's Journey seems to make me think of similar art styles but more like bumpy 3D special stuff.
Well, it was just that whole level of 80s anime style where it was really into the big eyes and that whole aesthetic.
I mean, look at Ranma, Inuyasha follows the same aesthetic. Dirty Pear, old Dirty Pear. I love Dirty Pear.
Old Bubblegum Crisis. Dominion Tank Police. That was more 90s, wasn't it?
Interstellar. Finding Crossover. That was Matsumoto Studio.
What was the old one that sci-fi- Oh, Lotus War. Record of Lotus War.
Record of Lotus War. Do you know that actually started based off of a tabletop game?
Did not.
Which I would love to find the original game.
Alright, so I believe that's it. Your classic game of the week. The very strange but somewhat charming.
It's a fun little game.
Wonder Momo. She needs to buy a Wonder Moomoo with all those photographers trying to-
I just think it's fun having the sort of limited stage, literally the stage, and then having to interact with the audience watching you.
Even if it's the crappy photographer.
Alright, I'm gonna close that up.
A funky little game.
Alright. Alright, well, when we come back, there is plenty more Orange Launch Radio, including the FUGO Question of the Week, rapid fire news, and your emails, FUs of the Week, Twitter topics, your calls, hopefully tonight.
We didn't get a lot of calls last week, but we're thinking now that people are getting back from their holiday breaks and so forth, we might hear from more of you tonight.
So be ready for that at Orange Launch Radio on Skype or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, we're gonna take a quick break. We'll be right back with more of Orange Launch Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, of course, with episode 534 already in progress for this January 5th, 2014, the second half of our episode.
If you missed the first half, well, the good news is, on the podcast, you can just hit rewind and listen all over again.
But if you're live, you'll have to check that out on the feed a little later this week.
We still have some fun stuff coming up, including your calls, the FUGO Question of the Week, and mailbag and all that stuff.
But first, some rapid fire news.
Loki, joining us via Skype. You there?
Yes, I am here.
All right, take it away.
All right, so let's talk real quickly about a game that I don't think they've really talked about in a while.
So it's like E3, maybe 2012? The Devil's Third, which was a game that was gonna be put out by Itagaki.
And it's in progress still. Originally it was gonna be published by THQ. Now that's changed, of course, and still on its way.
I guess it's gonna be coming out this year. So that's pretty cool.
Not sure what type of game it is, but probably good breast physics will be involved in there somehow.
All righty then.
Without a doubt.
Huh?
Yes. It is a trademark.
Next, there is a brand new game coming out on Xbox Live Indie Games from Ska Studios.
You may remember them from such games as I Made a Game with Zombies in It.
And this is kind of a follow-up. It's called Time Viking and Space Raptor.
And it's ridiculous, much like I Made a Game with Zombies in It.
That sounds great.
Yeah, and it has an awesome song, which obviously I can't play, but it's pretty sweet. So check it out.
And actually it's only 80 Microsoft, oh I'm sorry, not Microsoft points, $1.
So can't beat that price.
And last but not least, I'm not sure if this is just to get more people to try it out or to get those people that are like,
Hey, you know what? I really do like Jago.
Now the free character instead of being Jago is gonna be Saberwolf in Killer Instinct for the Xbox One.
If you would like to play as Jago now, you have to pay $5 to unlock him.
So I guess it's cool that they're kind of rotating that stuff around.
But at the same time I kind of feel that this is maybe a way to get those people that weren't paying money
because their favorite character happens to be one particular character that they're offering for free,
now to try to get them to pony up $5 for it or to buy the full game.
Well, to be fair, a game like League of Legends rotates through various characters too.
So, I mean, it wouldn't be out of character for a game to offer a handful of their characters for free.
If that makes any sense.
I guess it does.
It's an interesting consideration for people that may have had a slightly late start to get into that game.
They're just getting used to Jago and now they literally have to relearn the game.
They literally have to relearn a character and if they don't pay, they have no other choice.
LocoPoco in chat says Spinal gets released this month also.
It's kind of weird to me how they trickle out the fighters in these games now.
And I realize it's not like Killer Instinct is the first to do it.
Even Mortal Kombat had their DLC characters.
But at least in Mortal Kombat, you had like 30 characters in the game already.
Whereas Killer Instinct didn't really have a lot.
It's weird to me the way this game works.
It's super fresh, I guess.
But, you know what, I haven't really played it myself.
I know a lot of people I talk to and follow on Twitter seem really into it.
Some people have said it sold the system for them.
So I can't hate. It's just weird.
So now is Spinal included with the full game price?
Or is that something that they're making you buy in addition to the game?
My assumption is it's part of the Season 1 subscription or whatever.
Season 1?
Yeah, right.
Oh boy.
Alright, well let's move on with some more news.
Some of the rapid fire news here.
Now, if you heard Bobby's show tonight, he talked a lot about the Oculus Rift.
And there's this Tumblr post.
You know it's a slow news week when we're getting news off Tumblr.
But there's this Tumblr post going around, which is really based off of YouTube, I think.
Where somebody is playing Metroid Prime.
Apparently they got working with the Oculus Rift.
Now, I seem to recall when I played Oculus Rift at Dragon Con.
Bobby had a copy of F-Zero GX, the GameCube version running on Oculus Prime.
Which was a lot of fun to play.
So this isn't too much different than that.
But that's still really cool that somebody is running a game that I think a lot of us would want to play on Oculus Rift.
Metroid Prime.
So that's very cool.
There's a video floating around out there.
Of course you can't really get the full experience.
You can just kind of see what you would see through both eyes.
But I will tell you this, having played the GameCube on Oculus Rift.
It's like the TV is right in front of your face.
Looking around is more like looking around that giant TV.
And so it creates a good sensation in racing games like F-Zero and so forth.
And I guess it would kind of be neat in Metroid Prime.
But when the game isn't natively built for an experience like Oculus Rift, it's really going to be losing a lot.
It still has some benefits because it still shifts your focus so that some other portion of the screen is primarily what you're looking at instead of just being peripheral.
But it's not going to be Team Fortress 2, A for the awesome, all this kind of stuff where you look to the left and you can see completely original landscape as far as you can actually turn your head.
So here's something really funny is that apparently, because I tweeted to Bobby that this is going to be on our show tonight.
Well apparently the guest on his show knew the guy that was on that Tumblr.
And so this is the funny way that Twitter works.
So he's just the guy that's in those Tumblr pictures here, Symatic Bruce, just tweeted at us and Bobby and Reverend Kyle who is on Bobby's show tonight,
Oh Lord, I've been Tumblr'd.
Tumblr'd.
You know what, if you want to get very meta Dark Soccer, you should screen cap that and Tumblr it again.
Blink me.
I'll do it. I'll do this shit.
I'll have to do it when I get home.
Tumblr-ception.
Bong.
Alright, are you in chat? Where are you? Why can't I see you in chat?
I'm in chat.
Optio.
Oh, you're not an op. You're not an op for some reason.
Really? Weird.
I don't know. Alright.
Anyway, all that aside, let's move on with some other rapid-fire news.
ToeJam and Earl 3.
I seem to remember talking about this before.
ToeJam and Earl 3, it didn't finish.
It was supposed to be on the beta, but it didn't finish.
But I think what happened here is that somebody actually got this on eBay and was able to get this available now for public download.
So it is emulation, technically piracy, but the game never came out, so you know what?
It's there.
They did do a version on Xbox, but ToeJam and Earl 3 was originally supposed to be a Dreamcast game, and this game never got finished for it.
So I guess you see relics of the Xbox version in this, but obviously this is kind of a unique experience here.
So yeah, getting a Dreamcast development kit from eBay, the kit actually had a playable beta of ToeJam and Earl 3 on it.
So the guy did the right thing and put it on the internet for all of us to play.
The article you're thinking of is that he was considering some kind of a fundraiser to either continue development or just to what extent it was going to be released.
Probably for the better that it looks like it was just straight up released and made essentially public domain, even though it takes a very specialized system to be able to actually play it.
There you go.
And then also rapid fire news tonight, and again, it's a slow news week, because I'm just going to keep it real here.
What the fuck kind of news is this? But it's going around the internet.
So I admittedly say, what I'm about to report on is really stupid, but since it's what people are talking about, I'm going to bring it to the table.
There's a rumor going around that an unannounced third-party game is apparently being developed for Wii U.
The project will launch in 2014 exclusively on the Wii U, and this is coming from a French gaming website called Gameblog.
And it's supposed to be similar to Bayonetta 2.
I don't think that means similar in play style, I think just a similar score in that same, not necessarily an A-list game, maybe like a B-list game like Bayonetta, is a score like that.
It isn't related to the Bayonetta franchise, however, making it crystal clear.
So I'm like, well, that's a wide fucking net.
There's going to be some type of third-party exclusive Wii U game.
It's not going to be a huge game.
Yeah.
Wow, man, I could come up with that kind of news.
I know, right, but whatever.
The next DDR will have an up arrow.
This is just for everybody to wank off to with their predictions and so forth.
See, there's some guy supporting the Wii U.
Exactly, exactly.
I would think, though, if I'm going to bring this wank to climax, so to speak, I would assume the third party is Sega.
Because Sega's been pretty good to Nintendo.
And I don't know, Sonic exclusive, that's already kind of happened.
I mean, for this to really be news, it would have to be a bombshell.
Could you imagine Shenmue 3 only on Wii U?
Could happen.
No.
Why not?
Why not? Because they won't make their money back.
That's exactly why.
It has to be something that Nintendo pays for, basically.
Why did Sega put this on at games?
And supposedly Wii U, again, this is wank, but there was that article out there on VG charts or whatever that the Wii U outsold the Xbox One in the last week or two leading up to Christmas.
And that in Japan, it made some recoveries in December, that the new bundles they put out over there actually really helped with sales of the Wii U.
Now, I'm not, obviously...
Well, fantastic that they outsold the Xbox One after having a whole year to sell systems.
Well, congratulations to them.
I'm not saying that Nintendo is suddenly like OMG, like just blew everybody's panties off and, you know, has made this full recovery.
But at the same token, I think to throw it in the trash is a little premature as well.
All I'm saying is they need all the help they can get because, honestly, as stuff goes along, we're going to see less and less games being multiplatform on the Wii U.
I mean, there's going to be a lot more games that are just PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
And even though the Wii U looks like it should be capable of running that stuff, it just isn't.
Alright, well we shall see what happens next. Anyway, in the meantime, Dark Sakura.
Uh, some stuff that may or may not be wank.
So, if, gosh, stupid iPad. I'm going to throw this thing in the toilet.
Next to Loki's Wii U?
Yeah, next to Loki's Wii U.
I don't have a Wii U.
That's because it's in the toilet.
So, um, there was, uh, it had been mentioned before that a developer of an arcade game, it was called Tobii Technologies.
They had a game that could be controlled by eye tracking.
And now they are bringing out eye tracking hardware that's going to let you use your eye movements to control other games.
They're already working with Amnesia, The Dark Descent, Skyrim, and StarCraft.
And there is video online that you can check out.
In other news, there is a new character joining the Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed for iOS and Android.
Um, that is going to be, um, Ryo Hazuki.
And, uh, he is going to be, uh, apparently, um, in a bulldozer.
No, it's a car. Um, a boat and a plane for all of them.
And it looks like his, uh, his, uh, stuff is actually looks like old Sega machines.
So, one of them looks like an afterburner. There's an outrun car. That's kind of neat.
Um, and then, last but not least, um, there is...
That's a space area on it.
Oh, space area. I couldn't see it very well on my, on my iPad. Sorry.
Um, Free Comic Book Day is coming up on Saturday, March 3rd, which we all, all of us comic book fans love it.
There will be a special Archie, um, comic that's going to be a Mega Man X edition.
And it looks really nice.
And it's, uh, being done, uh, let's see. It's a flip comic.
So, take advantage of Free Comic Day. Get your Mega Man on.
That's it.
Sounds good.
Uh, when is Free Comic Book Day?
March 3rd. I mean, May 3rd.
I was like, yeah, I thought it was a little later than that. Alright.
Yeah, and, and, and then you get the Free Comic Book Day, um, uh, bags.
Um, for like the rest of the year. Advertising the one that's already passed. Whenever you go get your comics.
Awesome. Alright, uh, let's go to the FUGL question.
It was May. I screwed up. Thank you, chat room. Whatever.
Let's go to the FUGL question of the week.
Take Facebook and Google Plus and slam those words together. You get FUGL...
No, we call it FUGL.
Yes, you do. We call it FUGL just because it has a ring to it. I don't know.
Uh, the FUGL question of the week where we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities and we read some of our favorite answers here live on the show.
Maybe all of them tonight. We had 11 answers on Facebook. I could probably read all those.
Alright. Uh, ooh, some of them are long. Maybe not. Spoke too soon.
Alright, uh, here it is. Tonight is a building off a game we talked about earlier.
Uh, Dark Sakura talked about the, uh, Cuphead game, which was, um, the game... I keep wanting to say fighting game, but it's not. It's like a...
It actually has fighting game elements in it and they're one versus one fights, but it's a running game.
Okay. Well, I called it a fighting game because I thought that's what it kind of looked like, but I thought, alright, well, it led into this question of the week.
If you were to design...
It's a fighting gun.
Okay. If you were to design your own fighting game, what would inspire you?
And I imagine most people were thinking of Street Fighter S type of game. We'll see what we get into with some of the answers here.
So what would inspire you? Just like the 30s cartoons inspired this game, what's your inspiration for a fighting game?
Uh, Fifth Dream replied and said, I only want to make a fighting game if I could get Tim Burton or Edward Gorey to hand draw the whole thing in black and white.
Anybody have a time machine?
Uh, Jove Dea says something wacky like the concept of Clay Fighter 63 and a third, which I always loved that title by the way,
but with the gross or non-PC cartoon or gaming character like Ren and Stimpy, Conker, Chowder, Jake the Dog, Bender, The Tick, and so on.
Uh, Codeman says, I think what would inspire me more are the crazies at Walmart.
People of Walmart in the game.
You like Walmart in the fighter? Oh.
It would have a dive kick type feel and clothing customization. You would have the tackiest clothing options possible.
One of the characters have a special attack where they send a horde of kids to scream and beat up the other fighter.
I really haven't thought about this at all though.
I think one of the super attacks should be called a CPC so that, you know, Child Protective Services will show up.
Call one of them Black Friday on Christmas Eve.
Ed B says, I want another Power Stone with four player combat local and online. That's a good-
I am behind that 100%.
Co-signed.
Ragenator says, I designed a game that's over the top, absurd, that's equal parts Beavis and Butthead, Ace Ventura or The Mask, and Animaniacs.
Not those characters per se, but the feel of them, their style of humor.
Uh, Locopoco-
Still a slapstick game.
Yeah.
Locopoco replied and said that my dream would be to make a fighter with the same three versus three mechanics of Marvel versus Capcom 2, but all the fighters are drag queens.
Tagline would be serving up fierceness to some other hoe's face. Bam.
You know, that's almost my dream game too, would be a RuPaul's Drag Race game where they actually throw shade.
Just saying. That's their special attack, they throw shade.
Andy R. replies and says, I'd love to see PlayStation All-Stars 2.
Uh, the game was really fun for me, having been a long time PlayStation fan, but I felt like most people either wrote it off for being too similar to Smash Brothers or being too different than Smash Brothers.
Uh, Elliot B. says, I'd be inspired by my own lack of ability and make a fighting game with a very accessible tutorial mode.
Despite enjoying Street Fighter Tekken and so forth, I'm absolutely hopeless at pulling off anything beyond a Hadouken.
Wasn't Killer Instinct's tutorial, like, it was expansive, but it was still detailed to the point that if you don't understand fighting game mechanics between the frame counting and the combo learning and the hitboxing and everything else, it was my understanding that Killer Instinct is like one of the best intros in this kind of thing you can have.
I think one of the DOA games had stress relief mode in it too.
I've actually played none of the other games.
Where it was super easy.
All right, Tech 2030.
Pokemon would be a great inspiration for a fighting game. Huge roster of monsters to choose from with all elemental specialties.
Leveling up, move sets, and evolution would play a big factor.
An arcade mode with all your challengers as gym leaders with their own specific monster specialty.
I think a lot of the systems in Pokemon have the potential to cross over to the fighting genre.
Uh, Degenerate Johnny says, my type of fighting game would be a Mortal Kombat-like game featuring Dr. Seuss characters.
The reason for the Mortal Kombat system is because Dr. Seuss characters have great finishing maneuvers.
Imagine Sam-I-Am's finisher being him force feeding his opponent green eggs and ham that will cause him or her to explode.
Or the cat's hat devouring his opponent's hole.
Okay.
SS 2100 Matt says, picture this.
Fantasy characters from classic literature and fables, Alice vs. Big Bad Wolf, done in the art style of American McGee and developed by NetherRealm Studios.
Not really an original idea, but getting those two together would only lead to greatness.
So, taking it to some dark places with those last couple Facebook answers there.
Let's uh, let's see how dark things got over at Google+.
Uh, we had ActDeft reply and said, um, my ideas either exist already, like fighting is magic, or in their development, Pokemon fighting game teased in video or Pokemon rumble.
So I'm gonna go the easy route and say, Capcom vs. SNK 3, dammit!
And SVC chaos doesn't count.
That is a fair answer.
Uh, Redertainment, lastly, here over at Google+, says, I remember playing a game on the Genesis as a kid that had a single player experience, but when it came time for battles, did so like in a fighting game.
I haven't been to remember what game it was or happened to come across it anywhere, but I think I would make a fighting game like that.
Either that or use my project as an excuse to bitch slap politicians.
So, didn't they make a fighting game out of politicians? I see it was kind of controversial.
I'm sure.
I'm sure they did.
But, uh, any idea what he's talking about there? Genesis is a kid that was a single player experience, but during battles was a fighting game.
That does sound shockingly familiar, but I can't put any details in mind.
I can't place my finger on what game he's talking about. It's a little too... not enough details for me.
Chat room? Anything? Chat room?
Yeah, we'll see what the chatters have to say over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, any, any fighting game requests here in studio or Loki on the Skype line?
Um, I would say, like, uh, I don't know. I was just reminded to watch Salty Bet, so...
Maybe bring back Eternal Champions.
Because it's weird. Holy cow. But yeah, that'd be a perfect, uh, you know, Moogan.
I mean, any of that stuff is just, you know, that would make the perfect fighting game and just watching how ridiculous things could get and, you know, on the website, Salty Bet.
Um, yeah, that. I would love to see that. Hell, I'd love to see an app for Salty Bet in, like, you know, on consoles. That'd be fantastic.
That would be kind of fun.
I think it would be kind of fun even though I, you know, I give EA shit all the time. Wouldn't it be fun if they did a, um, fighting game with their major players?
I mean, that would be kind of fun.
I don't know. EA's done some really terrible fighting games. I mean, they had... they did the really awful Marvel one, like, a while back.
Um, Rise of the... what was it? It was Rise of the, um, Imperfects or something like that?
No, I didn't bother.
And then there was, um, the Def Jam, um, fighting game that they had that was terrible.
Well, see, they just licensed an engine that works. There you go.
I guess.
Alright. I already gave my answer. I went to RuPaul's Drag Race where they actually throw shade and just kick the crap out of each other, but then hug it out at the end of the day.
And maybe, like, instead of a finishing move, they lip sync for their life. And that would be, like, that's how it ends. So that's my fighting game fantasy.
Uh, Jason, you're awfully quiet over there. What would be your fighting game fantasy?
I... I don't know that I really have one. I like fighting games as they stand, and, um, I don't know. That's not really a genre that I've ever had... had, uh, fanciful dreams about, we'll say.
I want a fighting game to smack some sense into Jason. Play more fantasy.
Apathetic fighter, where they just... they don't really move.
What did you say to me?
They think... it's just two characters lying in bed, and they might get out. Alright. Anyhow.
Job.
Uh, let's... but it's cold outside. Alright, let's move on with some more news. Loki, I think you're gonna start us off with some news here.
Yeah, so apparently, um, DayZ did really well for, um, you know, the first week that it's been out.
And now this is the alpha client of the standalone version of DayZ, not necessarily the same plugin for Arma 2 that, you know, has been out for a long time now.
But, um, they had 400,000 copies sold in the first week. Um, their server, um, was hit... was actually with, uh, 40,000 people at one time at the highest.
And, um, they're doing pretty well. They're actually gonna roll out some new updates, um, soon throughout, I guess, 2014.
Some of this stuff includes, like, um, better security against, you know, hacking and exploits. Also, uh, cooking and the ability to hunt animals in the game.
So, um, I had bought, um, or had gotten, was it the DayZ, uh, you know, mod for Arma 2, but I still haven't gotten a chance to actually play it. Um, but it looks interesting.
I don't know a lot about this game, honestly. I've seen it all over Steam, and I saw it during the sale, but, you know, again, I don't have time to play everything, and it's probably a good thing when it comes to sales and so forth.
But, yeah, this is just kind of a game I've missed out on. So, roughly, like, why would I want to get it? Why is this game doing so well, Loki? What void does it fill in gaming?
It's basically a zombie survival game, but it's incredibly realistic, because Arma is, you know, kind of a military survival, a military sim, and so it has everything from, like, you know, you carry all of your equipment, you have to go scavenge buildings for, you know, stuff, but mostly, um, you don't have to watch out just for zombies, you have to watch out for the other players, which, you know, there's all sorts of crazy stuff that goes on with the other players, you know, kind of taking that whole survival mentality.
And it's basically permadeath, so any time you get killed in the game, you're gone.
Because I was gonna say, I was like, oh great, just what we need, another zombie game, because I've never seen one of those before, but I get it, so it's, like, hyper-realistic, and it's more like the hardcore, it sounds like, not like Dark Souls in that regard.
I've taken it to understand that it's basically a first-person shooter, well, third-person, you see your character running around, third-person action paired with Minecraft, because crafting and combining and cooking, smelting, all that kind of stuff, plays a big role in getting the supplies that you need to survive.
It is survival taking advantage of a lot of really modern and popular concepts in gaming. They've looked pretty fun, not entirely sure it's my type of game, but they've been fun to watch.
Tech2030 in our chatroom at live.vagnetwork.com, and I'm not, he might be referring to this, or he might be referring to something else they're talking about in chat, because they're talking about a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game and so forth, but Tech2030 says...
He's talking about a Pokemon thing.
Oh, okay, well he said, I wanna bring this up anyway, Tech2030 said, yeah, that didn't seem like it was an actual game to me, it just looks like some CG filler or something.
So, I guess that's not about this particular game, but it does kind of get me thinking, like, sometimes I kind of wish, like, in Steam or whatever, when there's a game, you can get the TLDR, didn't version of the game, you know, too long, semicolon, didn't read, like you can get, or didn't watch with a trailer, like, what is this game all about?
Super realistic zombie thing, like, just like Loki described in, like, two sentences, you know what I mean? Like, I don't know, is it, am I just that lazy American guy who can't be bothered? I guess I am, it's fine.
But there's so many games, I can't keep track of them all. It's tough, I guess that's why I have lovely people like you to talk to in this show, and blogs to try and keep tabs on all of it, because it's pretty crazy out there.
Don't cry, Rob.
I might cry, I might cry a little bit. Alright.
Bitter tears?
I'll cry tears of happiness over this, because this is pretty cool. Video games crossing over into the GLAAD, or the GLAAD, intriguing LGBT characteristics of 2013.
And if you don't know what any of these, I just threw, like, all this alphabet soup at you. If you don't know what GLAAD is, it's the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, is that what that is?
I think so.
Basically, when, you know, they're trying to, sometimes they're a little bit militant, but for the most part, they do a lot of good stuff for, like, just trying to make sure that people are aware, like, you know, for example, in gaming, you shouldn't call other people something that rhymes with maggot.
They had really good information at the Castro Street Fair a few years ago. I remember running into some of their people there and actually having a really good conversation.
Right. And LGBT, of course, you've probably heard that before, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgendered. So GLAAD puts out this list, I suppose, every year, and I know they've done this for television, but they put out a list of the most intriguing LGBT characters of 2013.
And most of it is, of course, about television. Let's, I'm trying to think about some of the other stuff that they actually put in there.
I haven't seen the list, but I think, like, Modern Family, maybe, that's more...
Probably the year it came out. Oh, okay. There's that French film, Blue, I actually pulled up the list from GLAAD.org here. Blue is the Warmest Color is, like, this huge French film that's about these two younger girls that fall in love and so forth.
Let's see, Fox has a comedy called Brooklyn 99, which has a deadpan, I've never seen this show. I guess it's the Andy Samberg Fox show, which I don't...
Okay, I mean, I know Andy Samberg from Saturday Night Live, but I didn't know he had a show now. Captain Ray Holt is apparently a gay character and, you know, kind of does deadpan.
I think it's... Let me phrase it this way. I'm gay myself. I think you all know that now if you've listened to this show.
No. I know, right? I was surprised.
I only talked about my partner, Alan, earlier in the show.
It's coming out, your 2014 resolution?
Right. Okay, so if you didn't know, okay...
He went back in for five seconds so he could come back out again.
So, I like video games and I'm gay. Gasp, shock, awe. It's 2013, or 2014. I'm still writing 2013 on my checks. It's 2014, this shouldn't shock people anymore.
My point is, as a gay man, I don't like when we see these stereotypes on TV. I realize sometimes they're fun. Like, you know, Jack on Will and Grace, he served a purpose and that show was years old and at the time.
But you know who my favorite gay character on television was? Like, my favorite portrayal of a gay guy on TV?
Neil Patrick Harris from Hello, I Met Your Mother?
No, but he is great in general. Who doesn't love Neil Patrick Harris? But no. Well, he's not a gay character on the show.
He's playing a straight character.
But anyway, my absolutely favorite portrayal of a gay man on TV is the ABC comedy Happy Endings, which unfortunately isn't on anymore. There was a character named Max.
And Max was this slobby video game playing guy who was into dudes. He was me, basically.
You're not slobby.
But, I mean, like, he was my spirit animal. That's why I liked that portrayal. So he was probably on this list in one year.
You want to know one thing that's pretty fucked up? I was watching an interview with John Barrowman and he auditioned for that role in Will and Grace.
Oh, yeah, I heard about that.
And was rejected for it because he wasn't gay enough. After having, what, married his partner a couple years ago?
Irony.
Irony. Anyway.
They need the stereotype instead of the normal frickin' human being.
If you've never seen Happy Endings, I'm almost positive it's on Netflix. It's got to be on Hulu, but I think it was on Netflix, too, and that's my favorite portrayal.
But anyway, why did I bring this all up in the first place? Because it does have to do with games. I didn't just go on a random tangent about gay things in the media.
What made this important is that amongst this list of movies and TV and so forth, they actually called out here, and you actually can see here on the site, number five,
they actually called out The Last of Us, which, you know, was a huge PlayStation 3 game. And unfortunately, it's one of those games that's on my list to play, but I'm behind.
I love that game so badly.
I know. It's in my rental queue list and I really want to play this. And just reading more about this makes me want to play it more because there is a character in the game named Bill that's kind of like a loner in one of the towns in the game that you learn through a backstory.
He had a partner named Bill. They were in a relationship, but because of the plague, the partner, I guess, I'm assuming, turned into a zombie or whatever the deal is in that game, and so it kind of gets into a story about that relationship.
But again, Bill, not a stereotype. So that's, you know, but that's really cool that we're seeing video games really kind of penetrate the mass media in all these sorts of ways where it's not just, you know, how do I phrase it?
Like, it's not just video games kind of, oh, you can sit at the table too because, you know, my kids play Pac-Man and so forth. But no, like in this very political organization's list of acknowledging representation in various art forms, they include video games right alongside movies and television.
That's really cool.
I believe they also named a comic book character in this as well.
Is it Batwoman?
No, it is shape-shifter Benjamin Deeds came out as gay, leading his teacher Emma Frost to immediately reply, I don't care.
I think it actually gets into the whole, this is just kind of all the LGBT characters in comics. It's one, like, kind of blanket.
Of course, they bring up Wiccan and Hulkling, but they're actually like, I ship them so hard.
So, Prodigy, and so forth. So they include comic books in this too.
And there was also North Star got married in comics, I think last, the year before, I would say.
But there was also, though, I wasn't a big DC fan, but there was a whole big shitstorm around Batwoman being able to propose to her girlfriend and not get married because no one was getting married.
Yes, and then there was that whole ugliness too when that story came out about the art that they wanted people to draw for, like, an audition.
The Harley Quinn naked, dead in the bathtub.
Yuck.
Sexualizing suicide, that type of thing.
Anyway, let's focus on the positive, and that is gaming media and a powerful story like The Last of Us sitting right alongside these other, this is a good thing.
You know what, I have a goal for this year, Rob.
What's that?
John Berriman on the show to do a bumper.
That's my goal.
That's a lofty goal.
Dear John Berriman, will you please do a bumper for O.L.R. because I love you.
If he's at Dragon Con this year, I will make it my, because now you know I'm all about Dragon Con.
I'm going to be on a plane to Atlanta come Labor Day.
Thank you, Bobby.
You better fit me in your overhead compartment because I need to see my man.
When you say it that way, it sounds so sexy.
I want to be his hag.
You can be my overhead compartment.
Ew, no, it's gross because you're a friend.
All right.
I wasn't even thinking of Rob.
Rob, you're a horrible human being.
Yes, I know.
That's why you love me.
All right.
Speaking of horrible human beings, Dark Sakura.
Do you love or loathe?
No, I'm not saying Dark Sakura is the horrible human being.
I'm saying the story is about what horrible people are doing.
It's about fuckery is what it is.
Yes, it's a story about fuckery.
I'm kind of glad that now I have a new computer that never had WoW touch it.
Blizzard sent out a big warning for World of Warcraft players saying that there's a dangerous Trojan
that they should be on the lookout for that could steal their account information,
information even if they're using an authenticator.
It's called you can actually find it by going by making an MS info file.
This is, of course, you know, PC, because I don't see anything about it affecting the Mac players.
But you look for a startup program that's either Disker or Disker 64,
and it will show up with Disker run DLL 32.exe, you know, the usual, or Disker 64.
And then they're trying to basically find out how to remove it, but none of the regular virus programs can.
I can tell you that there are ways of removing Trojans, but you need to completely disconnect from the internet
once you find out the how.
So you can get rid of them, you just need to be able to dig into your startup files.
And you'll probably have to do a registry clean as well.
Just a warning to those of you that want to play MMOs, don't let stuff like this scare you from playing MMOs,
but you've got to be careful because people really, they come after the golden games and stuff,
and people's accounts, like hardcore.
So if the game ever offers like a second level authentication, and almost all the big MMOs do,
WoW certainly does, in fact it's a universal battle net, Final Fantasy XIV has an authenticator,
Star Wars, The Old Republic had one, I'm assuming Rift has one too.
You know, if they have these second levels of authentication, take it, take it, take it, do it.
Because I'm always shocked.
But they're saying this is breaking through the authenticator.
Yes, this breaks through the authenticator because what they did, my understanding is it's like a fake curse client.
Is that they were putting it up there as the WoW curse client, which is a very popular add-on managing,
so people would Google it and they would get this, not the first time.
And you can't really get rid of curse that easily even after you've uninstalled.
I'm going to read though this paragraph that's a reply to this that was submitted by Hvok, I guess.
I would encourage anyone with the Trojan to seek help before resorting to a reformat,
and to make sure you're not getting help from one of those quote professionals who just reformat for you.
Everything available on the virus suggests it should be entirely removable by fairly standard manual removal methods, like I was saying earlier.
It does nothing special. There's no TDLFS file system, no alternate data stream files.
It doesn't even particularly protect itself except by a couple task scheduler entries.
And so, yeah, I've removed one of those annoying ones that keeps reinstalling itself every time you connect to the internet,
and I had to do a complete registry rewrite on mine.
Yeah, be careful. You will have to get the gun and shoot your computer.
And then burn the room.
But this will just be, this one seems super easy to remove from what I'm seeing on here.
I think it's more in there as kind of a half-assed kind of thing,
because if they really wanted to make it dangerous, then, you know, they could have done a lot more to it.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Bobby Blackwolf is in our chat saying,
remember, I got hacked by gold farmers in WoW, and I never played it.
That's right, but he had a Battle.net account, I'm assuming from playing like Starcraft or Diablo or something else over the years,
and they used that to make the WoW tune and get gold and all that.
And Brad from PodCulture says the only way to be 100% sure is to nuke and reformat.
That's not necessary. If this one isn't doing any file protection on itself other than task scheduler, that's not necessary at all.
Maybe with this, but I think it's important to say that what Brad is saying,
Blizzard, what they call BluePoster community managers were saying,
when they didn't know enough about this, that's what they were saying you would have to do if you got caught with this.
At this time, the only sure way we know is to reformat your computer, exactly what he said.
So sometimes in the early stages and they're still trying to figure out what the hell this virus, Trojan, whatever it is, that's how you get rid of it.
I do also suggest, and I'm normally not a big advocate of different programs,
but Hijack This is very useful.
I like the name, Hijack This.
No, what it does is it runs through all of your processes that are running so that you can get rid of any type of shareware, spyware, anything like that.
And I also run a program on my Chrome that, and don't enact it on our website because we need the ads, called Ghostery.
Or whitelist vognetwork.com, please.
But it's called Ghostery that basically stops websites from installing trackers and advertising detail.
And it works for Facebook.
In a crazy related story, I don't know if you heard about this, but Yahoo apparently got a huge hack over the past few days that where people,
you actually had to click on the ads, but when you click on the ad, it would install malware, like somebody hacked Yahoo in that regard.
And I have an app on my iPhone where whenever you open it up, the ad on the bottom automatically opens up a game to download.
And that is so irritating. I can't imagine that as per Apple's terms of service.
It's gonna kill that now, just literally. That situation, just get rid of it.
Yeah, yeah. No, seriously.
And they're resorting to nefarious things.
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
Stop rewarding them in any way.
That's ad networks, whether somebody actually manages to make it into a more or less reputable network.
That's what Drive by Malware and Drive by Downloads were all about, is that you're on a site that isn't technically illegal,
but can't get a prominent first-party ad network to allow them to monetize their content and get ad revenue off of web pages.
And in the era of constant Java vulnerabilities, constant Flash vulnerabilities, and even older browsers and just basic rendering exploits,
this is the argument for making sure that all your stuff is up-to-date and disabling as many third-party plugins as you reasonably can.
Java and Flash being the two biggest offenders. If you're that crazy, disable JavaScript and you will be that much safer,
but your internet browsing experience will also be much worse.
That's why I'm... There's another program I use, too, that's another type of ad blocker, but it also, again, blocks those little installs from advertising and tracking your...
Because Facebook tracks your web search data for advertising.
That way I keep seeing porn ads.
The Facebook one that I use is called Facebook Purity, and it removes all of the ads, all of the trackers, and you can even set it up to make Facebook look like it did five years ago.
But there's a number of trackers that keep from auto-installing stuff, tracking your data, and blocking JavaScript installs.
I love this comment, though, in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com, and then we'll move on to the next story.
Retertainment says malware, like the Yahoo toolbar.
No, the Ask toolbar, too.
Or, this always cracks me up. I mean, this is a little bit of a rant, but I'm sorry, I have to go there.
The Alexa toolbar, right? I mean, that was a big thing back in the day, and now that website, which I think they were bought by Amazon, it measures traffic, I guess, based on the toolbar usage and so forth.
That's one of the meters that E3 uses to see if your website is worthy, you know, of being blessed by the E3 pope, where your organization can come in.
Because believe me, I've been on both sides of it, where yes, my site was good enough, no, my site was not good enough.
And it always blew my mind. I'm like, really, Alexa? Like, most tech-minded people I know know to get that shit off their computer.
Like, that might have been cool in, like, 1998, but now, less cool.
It's like having Gator.
Yeah, right? Or Weatherbug. Or all the stuff my parents have on their computer.
Bonsai, buddy. Whatever the hell that is.
Rob.
Bonzi.
Rob. Why does your dad's computer take fifteen minutes to boot, Rob? I just bought it.
Rob, I bought him a new PC and he already broke it, Rob. Rob, can you come over?
The inevitable screenshot.
That's also, like, Dan's grandmother wanting to...
And it's like you load it up and literally the corner thing, where the time is, is like three rows high, fifteen icons. It's like, oh my god, people.
The inevitable screenshot of people's browsers with, like, fifteen or twenty search toolbars.
Yeah, then my dad's like, well, I was on this genealogy website and they had to install it, Rob. This is genealogy.
My dad's really into genealogy.
So is Dan's grandmother, and we, but she's...
There's something about genealogy and spybars.
But she's gotten really good about not installing any of that stuff. We basically said, if it asks you to install it, call us first.
So, she's actually pretty, gotten pretty computer savvy. So proud. She's so nice.
Alrighty. Uh, Loki. Is Loki there?
Yeah, sorry about that.
That's alright.
Have you been cat-butted again?
What?
No, she's sleeping right here. I've been salty-bedded again.
See, this is what I miss about having you in studio, because at least I can see you when your eyes are glazed over. Loki, over here! It's fine, it's fine.
I was watching Naruto get his ass kicked by one of the riders.
Unfortunately, it was the one that was like, oh yeah, there's no way that he's gonna lose. I'm gonna bet big on that. Yeah.
Didn't happen. Anyways, so speaking of betting and professional things, apparently there is an esports team, the Quadratic Gaming Esports team.
And the CEO, Simon, he has disappeared, because he owes a lot of people money.
Apparently he is owing, was it, won a pro Starcraft 2 player $23,000 in salary and prize money for months now.
And I guess they're even saying that upwards to $40,000 is owed in total across a bunch of other staff members.
And he has basically disappeared since middle of December. So that kinda sucks.
Yeah. You know, we just had a story a couple weeks ago about how esports is getting bigger and bigger. I mean, is this the dark side of what's to come?
Or is this not? It's just an isolated thing. What do you think? Is this something we're gonna hear more about?
Well, especially when more money's involved, I could see more of this type of stuff happening. But it's just kinda disappointing, I guess.
But I think this type of thing happens, it's not just isolated to esports, that's for sure.
That's true. There's bad people everywhere.
Oh god, what was the company's name? The Maryland? Rhode Island? Oh man, I'm not even getting any of the details anymore.
The Baseball Stars MMO company.
Rhode Island.
Curt Schilling.
Yeah, Schilling and Rhode Island and the back game.
And you wanna talk about raking up big money in a big hurry? Wow.
Alright. Well, let's move on. Jason, what do you have for us before we get to the mailbag?
Well, are you scared yet? Talking about money always tends to make that happen.
There is a new biofeedback-based horror game called Nevermind that attempts to detect players' fear and make the game harder as their fear continues to rise, provided that they're not able to calm themselves back down.
Basically the point is, find what breaks you, confirm that via the in-game monitoring of your heart rate variance via a chest strap that you wear when playing it, and throw similar kinds of scares or more or less scares just in general.
The plot of it is that you are a... I read this and my brain already reset. You are hired as a neuroprober at the Neurostalgia Institute. I don't like either of the way those words come together.
It's somewhat of an Inception-style plotline in the sense that you are living out other people's horrors and mental states to determine the cause of all of their suffering and all that's occurring in the first place.
It's intended to be a fully-fledged game, solving puzzles based in other people's fears and minds.
I want to know where this is actually being rolled out, because it has a very big barrier to entry in the sense that you actually need a couple of pieces of hardware to monitor what's going on in the first place.
But you want to talk about immersion and really finding the best game to play?
I would lose this game in five seconds. That's what scared me about that.
The Vitality Sensor.
Yeah, the Vitality Sensor. That was called the Wii was supposed to do. Whatever happened to that thing, right? But I think it disappeared, but I'm like, I would so lose. I get freaked out by games and so forth.
I could not do this kind of stuff on my own, but I love playing stuff like this in groups.
And even if I'm the one to do it and everybody else is there to watch, playing off of other people's emotions is so much fun.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Yeah, I don't think I see. I think it's all just being teased right now. Developed as a part of Masters of Fine Arts thesis within the University of Southern California's Interactive Meeting Games Division.
Never mind, took about a year to build to its present source as a proof of concept game.
Reynolds plans to hold a Kickstarter project to launch the game with a variety of disturbed patients in late 2014.
You know, it's very interesting to see the places that gaming might be headed in the next 10 years, because think about how far technology has gone just in the past, you know, 10 years as it is.
We had head-mounted screens in the 90s, but they were just TVs three inches from our face.
And now we're in them with depth and motion and everything else.
Yeah, with, you know, it's kind of an Oculus Rift night here at VoG, but yeah, exactly.
You know, like you look at that as part of what could be the future of gaming.
You look at something like this that actually can kind of like feel your emotions, so to say. It's kind of freaky.
But of course, it's also important to say not everything always catches on, like the Vitality sensor or like 3D televisions have kind of fizzled out.
We thought it was going to be a huge thing. It's kind of not.
Especially for something that would be such a one-off accessory.
There's actually a lot of potential for this, because there is this alternative use to something that can also be put to use for exercise games otherwise.
Because people wear chest straps to monitor their heart rate and get a better sense of how they're doing on their workouts.
So if you couple application of these accessories with this and other complementary games, there's a lot of potential for, you know, a good base of games to take advantage of it.
And it won't just be a one-off purchase for something you'll play three times and then shove off to the land of misfit accessories.
All right. Well, yeah, I wonder if this is the type of game that will get demoed for me at a convention in the future, but we'll see.
All right. In the meantime, we're going to go to the segment where you guys email us every week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. That is Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And DarkSocker is going to dive into the mailbag head first and find some emails that she believes are worthy of being read on the show tonight.
I was making this squish.
Not a lot in the mailbag. Relatively.
Two. There were two.
You know, y'all should have made New Year's resolutions to email the show at some point this year.
And I just want to put this out there real quick.
I'm always blown away when we get emails that are like, I've been listening to you for six years and this is the first time I've ever sent you an email.
And it's nobody I've ever heard of, but I'm always like, wow, there's like more people out there that I didn't even know existed.
So all I'm saying, don't be shy.
If it's your very first time ever emailing the show, I'll make DarkSocker give a buy on the spelling and grammar.
Just email us and say hello. We'd love to hear from you. Please comment.
And I only do that because it's hilarious.
Yeah, she isn't. She isn't. It comes from a place of love, not of hate.
Of love of grammar.
Love of education.
That's right. All right.
Unwelcome education.
All right. To the emails.
How goes it, O.L.R.? Grammar please.
Lol.
I say how goes it so.
I say how be.
Anyway, this is my first time hitting up the show as I'm always busy during the live show.
Perfect.
And I just wanted to thank you for the entertainment during my busy work weeks.
Don't stop.
Hope you all enjoyed the New Year.
Yes, New Year.
First time emailer IQ.
IQ.
You need to get rid of your galaxy and get an iPhone.
Was a.
Stop.
IQ was a PlayStation one game that's very hard to find now that had a great sound.
E-Y-E-Q-U-U.
Oh, you're thinking of Intelligent Cube.
Yeah, but it was IQ.
If you find the game, it's like I period Q period. Remember?
That game was weird.
I remember the game.
I don't remember the art.
It was a very good game.
It was a very hard game.
Wasn't it like a PlayStation release game?
It was like one of the first games I got for it.
Very close, but I don't think it was that early.
I didn't have a PlayStation until like a year or two before the PS2.
What the hell do I know?
I think that was the first game I ever rented on the PlayStation was Intelligent Cube.
I remember the only early, early PlayStation that I remember is the jam-packed demos.
And I remember playing irritating stick.
Irritating stick was...
I love those jam-packed demos were awesome.
Yeah, those PlayStation demo discs were the shit.
You know, we have like a pile of them, like two years worth of them.
Good stuff.
Those demo discs.
Anyway, thank you to the kind emailer who just wrote in to say hello.
Appreciate it.
T-Y-I-Q.
You must have a high IQ if you listen to this show.
All right.
The last email says, if you read this on air, use Turbo Lover as the name.
Okay.
Well, since you actually put your real name in the body of your email, I'm going to change that out for Turbo.
Okay?
Happy New Year, guys.
Just want to let Rob and the rest of you know that my Xbox Live account was hacked.
Found this out when my new Xbox One called me Jen instead of by his name.
Of course, nothing bad happened since I don't keep current information on there,
but an email from Xbox Microsoft would have been nice.
Hope the hackers don't learn to use the Kinect anytime soon.
Love your show.
Later, Turbo Lover.
Whoa.
So this, because we haven't heard of Xbox hacks happening really in a while,
but he's saying this is happening on the Xbox One.
Yeah.
Huh.
I mean, it's all an Xbox account.
Well, yeah.
No, it's Microsoft.
And there was the story from Bobby from Christmas Eve that the support reps didn't allow people to break in.
And so he just wound up getting the survey email from Microsoft after the fact.
Right.
But nothing changed on console or on account.
Something to consider is that I would like to know from this emailer,
do you share your Microsoft password with another site that possibly got hacked?
And maybe they reverse engineered, you know,
because that was a big thing going around about how they got into the last Xboxes,
although I remain somewhat skeptical if that's 100% true.
But it does happen with other like, and just just a general piece of advice.
I know I've said this on the show before, but please, please.
Your banking account password.
Do not use that password anywhere else but your bank, your email password.
Do not use that anywhere else but your email,
because what does everything come back to to reset your passwords on other sites?
Your email, your email.
And those are probably the two most important things are your bank account and your email.
Never, ever, ever share those passwords.
If you share those passwords with any other website, especially Xbox Live or something like that,
that's vulnerable and gets hacked a lot, change it right now.
Pause the show.
Change those passwords.
You'll thank me later.
Secondary piece of advice.
Don't share security questions and answers between them either.
You would be a lot, a lot of sites now are using really unique questions.
It's like mothers made a name.
That shit is easy to figure out.
And some of that stuff where you were born.
Hello, LinkedIn or Facebook.
Yeah, or because people will pass around memes on Facebook that are like,
fill out this survey and get to know all about me.
That's all the fricking password reset where those came from.
Those were a scam to begin with.
I used to do those on LiveJournal all the time.
All of us did.
Because we weren't thinking that far ahead.
Because it came from our friends.
I, this part of a reason why I, you know, say that my hometown is mobile
and I've mentioned where I was born, but I hardly ever do it.
There's a reason behind that.
And I don't tell people the hospital I was born at or the street I lived on.
I think only maybe a total of six listeners total have my address.
Right.
And that's because I've met them in person.
Well, that's, that's how I feel about my real last name.
Like, no offense, but it's just like, I separate my work life and my-
I want to be a famous artist someday, Rob.
Oh, but I'm staring at this envelope that says Rob Roberts.
Oh no, it doesn't.
See, I want to be a famous artist someday.
So as many people know, my name is possible.
Just makes me more famous.
Oh, uh, Bobby Black Wolf.
Good point.
Same with the, here's your poor name, street you grew up on,
plus your mother's maiden name.
L-O-L-O-L.
Yeah.
So I just make up something.
And so many people buy it, hook, line, and sinker.
And I was probably one of those people, honestly.
Well, I, I, I've always gone in and used, um, either I've,
I've used the stepmothers, even though I don't really tell her that much anymore.
I've used her maiden name.
I've used my grandmother's maiden name.
And I have a list of what I use where I'm kind of anal about that.
So be safe people, scary internet.
Sorry.
Random tangent that I don't think that email or intended, but it's a good,
just more education, more education.
Because like I said, like, I'm not saying all this to sound high and mighty.
Like I'm saying this to S to say, I have made these mistakes too.
And now looking back, I go, gosh, Rob,
I wish someone had smacked you upside the head.
I've had two email accounts hacked in my life.
Oh yeah.
My, my Yahoo account was hacked some time ago.
Yahoo one say well once.
I can safely say that I've never had my email, um, uh, hacked.
Lucky you.
Um,
but I don't know if it's because all of my passwords have been in a non-English
language.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
That's it.
Well, we need some more for next week.
So please consider mailbag at orange lawns radio.com is the place to send
those emails. In the meantime,
this is the part of the show where we get angsty with a segment we've been
doing ever since episode one. And you know what? Here we are.
It's the first show of 2014, which would mean our 12th broadcast year.
We don't officially have the 12th anniversary until, until June.
But I mean, with the show started in 2002 to 2014 is our 12th broadcast year,
if you can believe it.
And we have done this segment ever since episode one,
because sometimes guys, we just like to bitch.
Oh, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here is...
This is fucked up.
FUs of the week time.
The bird that shat in the middle of my windshield while I was, uh,
going down, uh,
the 80.
FU birds.
Remember that time we were at Sizzler and some bird.
First off, that's funny in and of itself.
Remember Sizzler?
Remember when it almost killed my boyfriend from the food poisoning?
But then, just to add insult to injury,
a bird decided to take the biggest shit I've ever seen a bird take.
Right on my windshield.
We've seen the cars in Davis.
But no, uh...
It's like the bird ate at that Sizzler.
You know what?
Well, I mean, the runoff in the back is like...
And, and, and, and, and
FU'd in me because I have a present for your and Alan's anniversary.
Shucks.
That...
Well, I told you what one of them was already.
It's, you know, that sign that's in my house that says Dan and James and they both hate you.
Oh, that's nice. Thank you.
And I made you a typography present that's basically different nerd fonts.
Well, we're, we're trying to move in March,
so if nothing else, it'd be how I got a house for you.
Well, I'll, I'll just continue next week.
Yeah, can't wait.
Or we'll do dinner lunch prep for lunch.
Appreciate it.
Prep for lunch snack.
All right.
Uh, Loki, your FUs.
Uh, my FU goes to Salty Bev because I just can't pick a winner.
Just can't pick a winner.
Um...
I don't know. I'm not super angsty.
Um, FU to, FU to all the construction on this street
that I know is gonna fuck up everything when I go to work tomorrow.
And I just, I just...
Because, you know, tomorrow's the day that everybody goes back.
I went back to work on Thursday, but everybody goes back tomorrow.
And I'm just not looking forward to the fuckery
that is construction on this street at 8 AM.
Happy New Year! Fuck everything!
Yeah, right?
So, I'm not looking forward to that.
Uh, Jason, last but not least.
Oof.
FU to sleep schedules, and mine especially.
Um, I don't think I've woken up before, like, 10 AM for...
probably three to four months now.
And I might have to be up at six in, like, three weeks.
And it's a horrifying thought.
Especially on the week after my team's meetup,
where there will be lots of late nights.
Late nights, I don't know if libations is the correct word,
but there will definitely be lots of celebrations and ongoing.
And to have only a weekend to recover,
which also includes coming up to Sacramento,
getting back into San Francisco at just a little bit before midnight,
and still having to wind down.
Waking up the next day that early is not going to be fun.
FU sleep.
I, I...
I've got to reset my schedule too.
Alan and I were, like, sleeping until, like, 11.
I think one day we slept until noon.
Like, during the...
Noon!
I was up at 2 PM today.
Oh my gosh.
And yesterday.
Okay, you win.
I mean, I wake up multiple times, but, like, my, my sleep schedule,
because I don't have a commute, has changed everything,
for better or for worse.
I, yeah, waking up, I, I didn't, like,
I didn't wake up that early to get out here
when I took my road trip out to California.
I woke up at, uh, 11, because I wasn't exactly going to prepare
for 12 days of TMI stewing in your own filth on the road for 12 hours.
Um, you know what I mean.
You're sitting in one place, you're, you know, going,
well, it was kind of cold outside.
Anyways, I, yeah.
As long as you waited until you got to a rest stop,
because you make it sound kind of nasty.
I was making a sweat comment.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Not that you like, you know, you just, I'll just pee.
Not, not rat race on the police officer's car.
Anyways, yeah, I have not woken up early in a long time,
and I'm going to have to wake up insanely early
so that I don't get caught in peninsula San Francisco traffic.
It's going to suck.
I, I feel your pain, because I have to reset for my hour and a half drive.
The, the people, the people in training that actually do, you know,
have a set schedule.
You do actually have to be there in the morning.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know that.
Citrus Heights to Elk Grove.
Yeah.
I'm fighting the downtown traffic,
so that's why I'm leaving well before I have to.
Yeah.
Or maybe I just will stop sleeping and live on No Does and Red Bull.
Not that I advocate that, but I've done it before.
All right.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys,
and then we're going to get to your calls at 1877 Game OLR,
or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But don't call yet, because we have two more stories.
Loki.
All right, so there's a brand new iOS and Android app that's going to be,
I'm sorry, yeah, it's being made by Yuji Naka,
and it is a game where you photograph whales.
A little bit of a change from some of the other games that he's done.
It is, I guess, free on iOS with in-app purchases and five bucks on Android.
Is it called Porpoise Snap?
It's called Real Whales.
Yeah.
Slow News Week.
Darcy, did you run to the store to download this now?
No, I'm actually downloading another game that I saw a review for,
but I didn't understand that it was already out, called Dancing Russian Men,
by the guys that do Weebl and Bob.
The Badger Badger Mushroom Mushroom.
Oh, God, that.
And apparently, this game looks like, it plays like Vibraman.
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys,
and this will make some of our listeners very happy to hear about this,
because I know some of you out there really love your My Little Pony.
Rama, hi.
Where's Rama? Where's that guy?
Hi, Acta.
Where are my bronies at?
Put your hooves up.
Rob, by the way.
All right, what?
I actually watched some.
Did you?
And I didn't hate it.
You know what? I can't hate.
I've never watched it, but I just want to point out-
It was actually kind of funny.
I don't smoke weed either, but I don't have a problem with people that do.
Anyway, my real point.
Main Six is the group that made the My Little Pony fighting game.
My Little Pony fighting is magic, which, what happened?
This whole thing went back and forth.
Didn't they get cease and desisted, but then they came back,
and it was like, oh, the creator will make other things for you,
but it can't actually be a My Little Pony fighting game.
So, anyway.
Well, they have an engine they want to put to use,
but to be a pony-based game has first shut down.
Okay, so I guess here's the latest with that game.
With that game, the group went to their blog, which is at mainsix.com,
and they actually said they're going to launch a Kickstarter or IndieGoGo.
They haven't chosen what.
At some point early this year when the game development will really kick off,
and of course the game will use the Z engine,
which Skullgirls use the same engine and so forth,
and some of the- actually, it sounds like all of the characters in the game
will be created by Lauren Faust,
who made the My Little Pony, Friendship is Magic TV show,
and all those characters.
And obviously My Little Pony, they do conventions and shit for this,
so I don't see any way that they won't make their funding.
The sky's the limit for this thing, so there you go.
We're trying to raise $420,000 to make this happen.
No, I don't know what the amount is.
All right.
Anyhow, so there it is.
That is that.
That's it.
Let's open up the Skype line, you guys.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
That's all one word.
Now, I'm trying the new thing with the Skype line that we started last week,
so I'm hoping it works okay.
But we'll see.
Your call's hopefully coming in very soon, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Oh, we are getting a call, so let's go to the phones and take that call,
and let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Def.
Oh, my God, video.
Are you just saying that because last week I ragged you because you called in
and you didn't even say anything about the new video
we had going during the calls?
Yeah, kind of.
My first thought when I saw the video was,
oh, my God, I got to set my video so you can see me too.
There we go.
And forgot about telling or at least saying something, but okay.
Which makes for great radio when we talk about all this video.
But seriously, though, what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, I was going to mention a mini-review of a game you talked about
or at least received in a Twitter topic.
Yeah?
That is Bike Rider DX.
Don't know if any of you got it or buy it.
The very last, one of the last news articles from last week
about it being the most downloaded game in Japan,
that said it looks trials-like on the 3DS.
You know, I will say this, that tweet that Aaron sent us,
YYRC, oh, maybe I shouldn't have said his real name, sorry,
but the tweet that he sent us actually got retweeted
by the people that made that game.
And, like, yeah, I was getting the emails on that, like,
because, you know, a tweet you were mentioned in was retweeted.
And so, yeah, that was kind of, I thought that was really cool
that his tweet got acknowledged.
So you actually downloaded the game and checked it out.
Yeah, I had some extra money on the eShop, so I got it.
And it's a pretty fun game.
Not that challenging and not that different all around.
It's basically the same game throughout all the levels.
It gets kind of difficult later on, but not that much challenging.
It's a pretty simple game.
But it's really fun.
For the $3, it's worth it.
I think it's a must-buy for the 3DS.
There you go.
And it has really great music, too.
The value is all there.
And so this is something you can get on the North American.
Because that was one thing.
When I saw that, I was like, oh, but I can't get the Japanese.
But it is available in the North American store.
It is.
I don't remember if I linked it in the description of last week's YouTube video
because YouTube doesn't let you link to any arbitrary URL and annotations.
But I'll double check and make sure that it's in the episode description.
More YouTube fuckery. Get out.
No, I can see.
There's a lot of dumb shit on those YouTube annotations.
Yeah, it sucks. Anyway.
Well, like I was saying, it's a pretty fun game.
So if you have $3 to spare for the eShop, it's a pretty fun, simple game.
I got it on Friday.
I almost beat it all.
It's, I think, 15 levels.
And each level has five different stages.
And I have almost beaten it.
That's right.
I have like two different levels missing.
And there's also Grand Prix mode that it's like an endless mode.
And that's pretty much where the replayability comes into play.
Because it's endless and you have many obstacles to dodge
and all that stuff that makes the game fun.
All right. I think you've got me pretty convinced.
I've got some Nintendo stuff to check out.
I have to check out that.
And I have to check out Dr. Luigi, which came out this week.
And I have yet to play that either.
I forgot that that game was coming out.
But yeah, that came out the past couple days.
So I noticed, just before I let you go, I noticed the story that I just did.
Because I know you're a brony.
Where's your hooves at?
I actually have my brony sister going on.
Of course you do.
Now, you tweeted us that story right before I read it.
This is just a funny coincidence.
The fighting is magic, Mane6.
Are you looking forward to this?
Is there something you'd like to add or clarify on what I talked about?
Well, if people know me and have listened to OR before
and listened to my calls and everything like that,
yeah, I'm pretty excited about this.
And I even tweeted to Mane6 that they have my full support.
And they tweeted me back, thanks.
And hopefully, and like I was saying last week,
hopefully their game is going to be popular and it's going to get a lot of support,
especially because of the bronies, the bronies.
The bronies are a force to be reckoned with.
They will get that game funded, I know it.
Yeah.
Alright. Well, act after I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls.
Thanks so much for the call.
Thank you for having me.
You're welcome. Good to see you.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Bye.
Ah, that's fun.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word,
if you'd like to give us a call.
Did you notice his microphone?
No, I didn't.
It was a handheld K-Rev rock band microphone.
Oh, was it K-Rev?
I thought it was a rock band.
That style, meaning it wasn't like a headset,
but it was a, I love the fact that those things are dual purpose like that.
Like a USB mic type of thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just handheld like us.
Alright.
While I wait for some more calls to come in, if anybody else is going to call in again,
that's 187, you don't have to send us a video.
If you're shy, that's fine.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio,
if you want to give us a call and talk about whatever.
Call us.
Loki, do you have last minute stories you want to talk about?
Real quick, I was going to mention that Nintendo has apparently lost a patent lawsuit,
and it was against a company called Tomita.
And this is for a patent for, I guess, some of the camera technology that's used in the 3DS.
They now have to pay 1.82% of the wholesale price on every 3DS sold.
Alright, we got another call coming in here, so let's go to it.
We're going to go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, what's up guys, this is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto, how you doing?
I'm alright.
I just want to give you guys some quick advice.
You guys were talking about the, well, what the hell do you call it?
The maiden name, what the hell is that called again?
When you forget your password.
Oh, the what?
I forgot, what is it again?
The porn name game?
I totally forgot, I'm drawing a blank.
What is it called?
The porn name game?
No, not the porn name.
You know, when, yeah, your security question.
Oh.
Yeah, okay, that thing.
Did anybody ever stop to think that you don't actually have to put any type of name, you
could just put like a series of just like random letters and numbers and codes like
a password, that's what I do.
You really could.
I never put like maiden names or street addresses or anything like that, I'm like, they don't,
you know, you don't need to put that in there.
I would be afraid that I would lose that, like that I would put in like the dummy information,
I would lose that, but if I had like an ultra safe way to keep that information, I think
that's a brilliant idea.
Like the whole, like my made up story about me.
This is the fake street I grew up on.
This is my mom's fake maiden name and just like going down the list, I think would be
actually like a pretty brilliant thing just as long as, see, my forgetful ass would lose
it, wouldn't it, Jason?
Yeah, like I wouldn't, yeah, like I wouldn't recommend it for like, you know, like any
type of credit card account, like nothing major like that, but like for video games.
What I do is, is after I have the questions in, I take a screenshot and I print that out
and I just put that in with the game, you know, like it's a PC game, you know, and I
have all my questions there with all my random letters and numbers.
That's smart.
That's how I do it.
You know, and I suppose I should say that at some point too, because I've heard of these
applications and Jason, you're, you're, you're a bigger nerd than me when it comes to stuff
like this.
Surely you've heard of this stuff before.
There's these applications out there that a lot, like it's like a wallet type of thing,
like that you store on your drive where it's like one password, but that one password generally
one password generates other passwords for whatever sites that is actually a prominent
name of one of those applications called one password.
Oh, there you go.
I just gave somebody a free plug.
There you go.
They have agile, agile bits, I believe is the company that produces one password.
I think I have a friend that works for one of those companies, but it's on mobile.
Um, the only the I've heard of a lot of them, you know, they're, they've been a dime a dozen
for years and years, and unfortunately some of them masquerade as the problems themselves
malware.
That's scary.
Um, but the big two that I hear about constantly are one password and last pass.
I, okay.
Yeah, I don't, I don't necessarily trust those.
Like, uh, you know, I just rounded have, I don't know.
I'm the type of person I'd like to have different passwords for everything.
You know, I'm just all over the place and I try to keep track of them.
I usually forget them and I always have to go back and like reset them, but I'm like,
I don't care.
I think it's a great idea and uh, I don't blame you whatsoever.
And I, I think, I think this is good to talk about ID alternatives and, and all these
things that people can do to, to make sure that their accounts stay safe, uh, quickly
because, you know, before I let you go, what else have you been playing lately?
What games you've been into?
Uh, I've been playing everything.
I was wanting to mention to you guys, um, there's a game that I started.
It's um, it's kinda like, I hate the game Terraria, but I can only compare it to Terraria.
I actually don't like that game, but, um, it's a game called Starbound, which has a
lot of potential to it.
It's one of the, um, what the hell do you call it?
The steam early access things.
And it's pretty much almost done.
It's like in beta mode right now.
And, um, you start off in the spaceship.
It's, it's 2D.
It's basically, it's Minecraft and 2D, but you're like flying through space and there's
like all these different planets that you can travel to.
Some of them have life in it.
Some of the life is hostile.
Some of the life is friendly.
It's a really cool game, but, um, it gets a little hard and you get a little burned
out on it.
And because it's an early access, there's a, you know, there's a few, like, um, a few
times it'll like crash on you to do like weird stuff, but, um, it definitely looks like it
has a lot of potential.
I hope, I hope that they able to like implement everything that they, uh, that they're talking
about here.
Cause they're talking about space battle.
They're talking about, you know, they, they're thinking big with this game and I'm just like,
I hope they can pull that off because, uh, there was an app that I was really excited
about called Star Command.
You guys heard about that game?
Well, Star Command, uh, real short is it was an app where, you know, these guys are like,
oh, we're going to make this thing like Star Trek.
We're going to have diplomacy.
You're going to be able to like travel to different planets and you know, basically
you're going to live out your life as a Starship captain.
You know, you're going to like go to planets and interact with people and you know, just
like Starbound, some of them are going to be friendly.
Some of them are going to be mean.
And, um, they got about 35% of that game done and they decided to release it.
You know, it's good.
I got it.
I just got to say, I wasn't super into Terraria either.
I can, I, I'm not knocking the game.
I see why people are into it.
I just couldn't really get into it myself, but Minecraft took me a while to, to wise
up to, but I love the idea of a 2d Minecraft.
So I'm going to have to check this game out myself.
It looks pretty cool.
Yeah.
One of the things I noticed real quickly, you might be like me and what, what I hate
about Terraria and what I love about Minecraft is there's slow down points in Minecraft and
Terraria is just all this hectic shit and you're constantly jumping over shit and shit
is coming after you.
And that drives me crazy.
That's one of the reasons why I didn't like, um, comparing, uh, what the hell is that game
with the, uh, it came out for, I think it came out for Xbox.
I think it was like, um, where you were like an alien and you were fighting the military.
It's supposed to be like open world.
You know what I'm talking about?
Where like you, you morphed into different guys.
Like you can take their body.
Are you thinking of Destroy All Humans?
What is it called?
Destroy All Humans?
No, no.
It was, it came out at the same time as a Sony superhero game.
Where you have like the electricity, somebody came out, you know, I noticed about that game,
uh, the two differences again between prototype is the slow down point.
You know, when you get older as a gamer, you kind of appreciate those slow down moments.
You know, you don't want to Loki's thinking the game was prototype.
That's it.
Yeah.
Prototype prototype was just constant.
They're just constantly shooting at you.
There's no break point, you know?
Gotcha.
And that's what I hate about Terraria.
And that's all.
All right.
Thank you so much for the call.
You take care.
Okay.
Thanks for the tip on the game.
All right.
That is going to do it for the Skype line because Dark Soccer, you got a thing that
you got to go, right?
So we got to wrap up the show.
Yeah.
My husband and I were supposed to have a date after the show and I was going to text him
when we were done.
Oops.
And he's like, um, I'm already at Cheesecake Factory.
So.
All right.
Well now if you want to meet Jamie after the show, you know where to go.
Yeah.
And I'm not paying for you guys.
So there you go.
I didn't say which Cheesecake Factory.
There you go.
That's right.
There's a ton in the world.
All right.
Quickly, quickly.
I just want to do some tweets here before we wrap up and Jamie don't leave because I
have something I got to give you two.
Um, let's see.
Uh, Twitter, Twitter, Twitter.
Um, I know I saw our old pal who was on the show a while ago.
Oscar had tweeted and said, I'm currently tuned into OLR and that just reminded me to
say, I think I might've mentioned this a couple of weeks ago, but in case I didn't Oscar
is on season two of King of the nerds.
So not only was she on the Sony reality show, now she's on the TBS reality show.
Very happy for her.
Best of luck to her.
She's so fun.
Yeah, she's fun.
And uh, she's, she's a member of the OL army.
So if you don't know who to root for on this show, now you do.
Cause we endorse her.
An act of bullshit.
What?
I am not paying for you at the Cheesecake Factory.
Oh, I'm not, I'll put it this way.
I'm not even paying for me.
I have a gift card.
She's washing dishes.
Okay.
Uh, I want to give this shout out, a tweet, a shout out to a pod culture saying, uh, saw
something at a Kmart that they were pushing for the new consoles.
And my first reaction was there's a Kmart still open somewhere.
No, they're on the corner from my house.
I know they're here.
Well, you know, the one right over here on sunrise closed now.
So, but, uh, yeah, let's see.
It's a rent to own program, I guess is something that Kmart is starting.
And this is something that you could do for the new consoles if you want.
So they're being ghetto, like Renison or pass, I guess.
But you know what, Hey, you know what?
I just see it as there.
They got to do something that target and Walmart aren't doing because what they're doing right
now isn't working.
So, well, they are doing something that target and Walmart aren't doing.
They're failing.
Unfortunately, there've been a lot of programs like this that I've been seeing lately.
There was one from Best Buy recently.
There was basically like, you know, pay a little bit and be able to upgrade early.
It all revolved around tablets and mobile phones, smartphones, and probably TVs and
whatnot as well.
These programs are all bullshit.
And don't, don't do the research, find out how much money you're going to spend.
Weigh that against what you can be smart with your money.
The problem with rent to own like that too, is that you have to deal with investing in
repo people and people don't pay.
Ooh, what a mess.
All right.
We are going to wrap things up and get final thoughts.
I do have one other thing I got to get out here, Dark Sakura.
Fist?
Yes.
I'm going to punch you with it.
No.
Uh, this is, um, something that apparently you had expressed a desire in having.
And so, um, our friend of the show who was here about a year ago, Tim, Tim trip, wanted
me to pass this on to you.
Awesome.
I just opened it.
There's a DS cart in there.
It's my Japanese coach.
There you go.
Cause I've been wanting to practice.
Yeah.
The only thing.
And of course my forgetful ass forgot to give it to her.
So.
Thank you, Tim.
It's interesting.
Cause he texted me going, did you give her that game?
Thank you, Tim.
All right.
So there you go.
Thanks.
We need to hang out again soon.
All right.
Now we got to go around and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap up.
Uh, Loki.
Uh, thank you for being here tonight and good luck with everything.
Especially if the baby should arrive this week.
Best of luck to you.
Oh yeah.
I'll need it.
All right.
Sounds good.
Uh, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Go play the Minecraft server.
That's right.
We have two people already on there right now.
I'm spying on them.
You're spying on them.
That's awesome.
Uh, my final thought, I have two final thoughts tonight.
My first final thought is don't fuck with my house.
My second in Minecraft.
Well, in real life too.
You shouldn't do that.
Don't fuck with my Normandy.
Just, yeah.
Don't, don't fuck with me in general.
And my number two final thought is, uh, I need more people to play Path of Exile with.
So, uh, if you want to go.
It's Windows only.
I wanted to try it out.
Ah, bummer.
I didn't realize that.
And it's free to play.
It's free to play.
So if you want to come play a roguelike and crawl some dungeons with me, uh, let's, let's
play that.
Uh, hit me up on Twitter.
Hit me up on my Twitter.
Uh, Jason, thank you for being here as always.
Always.
You, you the best.
I the best.
You the best.
You are.
You really are.
Uh, your final thought for our listeners tonight.
Be safe people.
New year, new, uh, new wonderment and also new problems.
So be safe and play it smart out there.
Alright.
And, uh, lastly, but not leastly, uh, heading out to the cheesecake factory, which she'll
be signing autographs from 10 to 11 tonight.
Uh, two things.
One, I think it's hilarious that Shane just joined the chat room.
And number two, why is that hilarious?
He does listen to the show.
Well, yeah, but we're about to end the show.
Oh, cause we're ending the show.
No, he came in to send me a private message yelling at me about something.
That's usually how it goes.
Number two, I'm having cheesecake.
Sakura out.
Alright, that does it for another episode of orange launch radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into the show.
If you liked what you heard over the past few hours, don't forget guys support independent radio.
Um, we need, we need your help.
Word of mouth is all we've got because I'll tell you what, the major podcast award shows
out there, they ain't doing shit for us cause it's always some big show that's got tons
of advertising bucks and websites with millions of visitors.
They, they sweep everything.
So we should start our own award series called Indies rule.
Exactly.
Or you know, if you get more than like 10 bucks of support from any or like more than
a certain amount of support from a major facility, then you're disqualified.
Just just spread the word about your favorite indie show.
Be it us, be it, you know, some other, be it Bobby black Wolf show or pod culture, maybe
another show on bug, maybe another show on another network, maybe, maybe radio PlayStation
who sent us a tweet tonight.
My favorite show is anime jam session.
So go spread the love about your favorite independent broadcasting and uh, you know
what, if you think you want to do this yourself someday, I don't see you as competition.
I see you as a friend.
Let's help you podcast.
Get your word out there.
Have, have your voice and uh, just don't be a dick about it.
Don't fucking swat people.
Don't eat my cheesecake.
And don't eat my cheesecake.
Good night everybody.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Yeah.